
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106736                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106735810392                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               631563403929                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 305912                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   387946                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1875098                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67614424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56922.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17413355708                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22082963616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3878784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2624384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2620672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2601984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4241408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2649472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4260480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1923200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3881088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3911552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4286848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1438208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2604416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1466240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3868928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2610304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             48946432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11877504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11877504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        30303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        20503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        20328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        33136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        33285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        15025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        30321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        30559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        33491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        11236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        30226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                382394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           92793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                92793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     36340044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24587662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24552884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24377798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39737441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24822709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39916125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        49168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     18018320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     36361630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36647045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     40163165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13474466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24400583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13737095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36247703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24455747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               458575541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        49168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             735123                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         111279466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              111279466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         111279466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     36340044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        45570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24587662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        40774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24552884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        40774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24377798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39737441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        49168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24822709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39916125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        49168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     18018320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     36361630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36647045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        49168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     40163165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        44371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13474466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24400583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        49168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13737095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        45570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36247703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24455747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              569855007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20722076                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16947255                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023213                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8661643                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8186306                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133412                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201229587                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117568430                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20722076                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10319718                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24645970                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5865239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3544259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12371754                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2039231                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233217510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      208571540     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1336658      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2114509      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3362381      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1391379      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1559680      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1659458      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1084573      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12137332      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233217510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.080958                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459321                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199375421                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5412875                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24569231                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3797227                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3396975                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          469                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143578012                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3034                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3797227                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199679155                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1743979                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      2784184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24334071                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       878889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143497056                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        27186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       247499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       329794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44265                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199240203                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667532583                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667532583                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       28998372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36486                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20020                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2637494                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13675450                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7349117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221843                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1669726                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143300348                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36587                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135693756                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18077501                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40106201                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3383                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233217510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175994063     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22971116      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12562729      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8561794      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7999975      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2303525      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1795441      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       609307      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419560      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233217510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31630     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97231     38.55%     51.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123350     48.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113674637     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2143934      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12544024      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7314700      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135693756                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530134                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252211                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505023614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161415932                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133516911                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135945967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       409345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2439053                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          315                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1520                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       206101                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8455                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3797227                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1160346                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143337076                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13675450                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7349117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20003                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88921                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1520                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185131                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150816                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2335947                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133766843                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11799189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1926913                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19112264                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18822336                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7313075                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522606                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133517999                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133516911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78068247                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       203939079                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521630                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382802                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20762693                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2066058                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229420283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179656941     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24101060     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9382705      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5053526      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3786707      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114605      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1302112      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165994      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2856633      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229420283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595166                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2856633                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          369900262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290472002                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3246839                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22743667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574595                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.559612                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.559612                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603249171                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185086143                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133917830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20806092                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17059861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2035762                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8732105                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8143130                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2137884                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91814                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198570827                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            118204050                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20806092                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10281014                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            26008263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5761952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      6593544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12229617                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2019771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    234867297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      208859034     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        2818581      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3251831      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        1794749      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2082830      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1139629      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         772540      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2016034      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12132069      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    234867297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081286                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461805                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      196983311                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      8211733                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        25802433                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       194196                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3675622                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3379209                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        19035                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    144306639                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        93998                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3675622                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      197286240                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3002892                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      4350907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        25706537                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       845097                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    144217157                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       223728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       392397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    200419101                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    671488934                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    671488934                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    171320169                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29098898                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        37947                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21220                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2262750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13770912                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7505030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       199453                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661974                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        144008945                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38039                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       136162297                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191947                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17885829                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41271671                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4389                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234867297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177488415     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23078582      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12404834      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8581580      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7501007      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3848176      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       917498      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       598229      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448976      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234867297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36729     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125702     42.66%     55.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132252     44.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113969096     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2128427      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16684      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12596389      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7451701      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    136162297                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.531965                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            294683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507678518                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161934109                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133912251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    136456980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344762                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2419140                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          873                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160261                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8342                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3675622                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2499568                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       150443                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144047102                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13770912                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7505030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       107121                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1141961                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2322927                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134165095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11828767                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1997199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           19278675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18778779                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7449908                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.524162                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            133914305                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           133912251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        79589008                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       208432800                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.523174                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100603626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    123428455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20619773                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33650                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2047419                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231191675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180772813     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23378143     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9796991      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5892039      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4075525      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2635382      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1363214      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1098625      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2178943      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231191675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    100603626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    123428455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18696538                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11351769                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17664689                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       111275770                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2511175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2178943                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          373060284                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         291772185                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3040108                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              21093880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         100603626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           123428455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    100603626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.544254                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.544254                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393043                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393043                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      605220192                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     185857992                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     134683284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        33620                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19404518                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17327274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12994802                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12675828                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164545                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46835                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205160896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            110185754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19404518                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13840373                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24574662                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5070681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3138363                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles           11                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           57                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12411530                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1519132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    236388316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      211813654     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3746543      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1890446      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3709831      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1191427      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3435269      1.45%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         541516      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         871130      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9188500      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    236388316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075810                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430478                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      202671136                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5674887                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24526528                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19584                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3496177                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1831806                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18151                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    123260420                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        34327                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3496177                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      202948957                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3435108                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1388316                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24269526                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       850228                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    123083900                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        95008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       682158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    161312202                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    557826519                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    557826519                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    130862638                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30449544                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16526                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8366                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1839457                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     22210437                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3603551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23141                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       819478                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        122448437                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16586                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       114685652                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22051949                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45150463                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236388316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186060765     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15902350      6.73%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16810502      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9765360      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5031991      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1258425      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1495153      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34949      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28821      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236388316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192101     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78692     23.45%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64734     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89931313     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898539      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8161      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20275223     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3572416      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    114685652                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.448059                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335527                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466169067                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144517268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111776379                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    115021179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88748                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4523076                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          306                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3496177                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2334474                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122465123                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22210437                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3603551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8364                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41252                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2339                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          306                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1047016                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593528                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1640544                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113232025                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19983726                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23555948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17215404                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3572222                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.442380                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            111801949                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           111776379                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        67638035                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       147291034                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.436693                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89052285                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    100256050                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22214151                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1537964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232892139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195566615     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14665371      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9421323      4.05%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2962924      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4923175      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959939      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609118      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557234      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3226440      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232892139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     89052285                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    100256050                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21208303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            17687356                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15382557                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        87614558                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1253385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3226440                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          352135562                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         248439371                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4562135                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19572861                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          89052285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           100256050                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     89052285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.874280                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.874280                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.347913                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.347913                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      526335180                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     145641898                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     130913353                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16444                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              255961170                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19409595                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17332760                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1547850                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13002228                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12677032                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165200                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46837                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205209902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110228056                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19409595                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     13842232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24583921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5071948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3146224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12414245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1519345                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    236455457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      211871536     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3748024      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1892987      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3710424      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1189403      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3436126      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         541980      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         871459      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9193518      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    236455457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075830                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430644                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      202734276                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5668652                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24535537                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19768                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3497220                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1831325                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    123309347                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        34336                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3497220                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      203010245                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3429453                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1390755                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24279512                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       848268                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    123131602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        95764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       679122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    161382473                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    558056217                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    558056217                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    130916365                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30466108                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        16541                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8375                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1839258                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     22213839                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3606164                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23669                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       817706                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        122495565                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16599                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       114726028                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73913                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22059790                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45168599                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236455457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186113754     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15905567      6.73%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16816224      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9764870      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5033883      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1261576      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1495906      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34861      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28816      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236455457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192177     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78703     23.45%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64784     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89964663     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       899226      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8166      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20278726     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3575247      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    114726028                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.448217                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335664                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466317090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144572268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111816512                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    115061692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90625                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4521801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          325                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        83209                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3497220                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2335079                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122512256                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22213839                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3606164                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8370                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41005                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2389                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          325                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046337                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594111                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1640448                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113270568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19988324                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1455460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           23563369                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17219329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3575045                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.442530                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            111842057                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           111816512                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        67667516                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       147365636                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.436850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.459181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89085209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    100295353                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22221975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16473                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1538153                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232958237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195617113     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14671349      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9424041      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2968174      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4923808      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959636      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608994      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556952      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3228170      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232958237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     89085209                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    100295353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             21214993                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            17692038                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8218                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15388334                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        87649600                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1254078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3228170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          352247057                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         248534632                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4563471                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19505713                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          89085209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           100295353                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     89085209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.873217                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.873217                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.348042                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.348042                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      526522558                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     145694968                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     130964007                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19892800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17949481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043785                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7915033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7128758                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100887                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46350                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211031560                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            125114523                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19892800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      8229645                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24756167                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3269293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5093759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12113318                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1049175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    243080765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      218324598     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         889428      0.37%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1807987      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         760511      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        4120734      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3665133      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         714025      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1477215      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11321134      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    243080765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488803                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      209852006                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6286204                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24665607                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        78179                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2198766                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1746518                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          514                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    146720327                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2814                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2198766                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      210059730                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       4545346                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1081335                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24550901                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       644684                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    146644495                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       279150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       230694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6966                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    172149342                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    690736951                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    690736951                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    152847797                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       19301540                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        17046                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8611                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1616666                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     34624099                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     17514914                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160466                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       851351                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        146363276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17098                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       140807315                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73281                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11179306                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26661470                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          104                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243080765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    193046527     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14981108      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12305023      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5312564      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6731932      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6528927      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3699607      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       292152      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182925      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243080765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356759     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2778713     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80501      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88319674     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1229049      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8432      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33774121     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17476039     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    140807315                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550112                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3215973                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527984649                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157563258                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139609046                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    144023288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       254598                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1330118                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          575                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3589                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106621                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12462                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2198766                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       4172040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185586                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146380481                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34624099                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17514914                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8614                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           93                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3589                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       610455                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       612716                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1223171                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139825139                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33659518                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       982176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 107                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           51133928                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18321593                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         17474410                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546275                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139613432                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139609046                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        75400032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       148513446                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545431                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507698                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113450682                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    133323298                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13071461                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16994                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1066919                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240881999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192549477     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17625524      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8275845      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8178901      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2226935      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9519588      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711666      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518799      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1275264      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240881999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    113450682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    133323298                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             50702271                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            33293978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17606128                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       118556386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1291387                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1275264                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          386001156                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         294988528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4629505                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              12880412                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         113450682                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           133323298                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    113450682                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.256145                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.256145                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443234                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443234                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      691301478                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     162101098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     174748349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20808974                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17063035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2036046                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8635697                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8136035                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135203                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91093                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198506801                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            118258792                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20808974                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10271238                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            26014099                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5778461                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6594187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12228731                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2020346                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    234825918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      208811819     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2816987      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3256412      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1793437      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2079025      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1134801      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         771952      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        2018551      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12142934      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    234825918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081297                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462018                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      196912602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      8218881                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25806663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       195957                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3691813                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3379359                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        19014                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    144374645                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        93655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3691813                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      197217626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2947143                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4408043                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25710564                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       850727                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    144285668                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       224217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       395736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    200511414                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    671821469                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    671821469                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    171227376                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       29284030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        37818                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21122                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2272191                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13773737                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7505297                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       199040                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1664581                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        144072405                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37880                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       136150603                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       190719                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18018486                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41654146                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4246                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234825918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177461603     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23070103      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12394955      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8582672      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7502920      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3847134      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       919255      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       598514      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448762      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234825918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36322     12.28%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126937     42.92%     55.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132486     44.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113962314     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2129626      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16675      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12590527      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7451461      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    136150603                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531919                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295745                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507613588                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162130063                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133896804                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    136446348                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344801                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2428176                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          927                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1293                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164559                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8336                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3691813                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2444156                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149642                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144110411                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13773737                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7505297                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21080                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105683                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1293                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1178808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1144570                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2323378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134149278                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11820834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2001325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           19270391                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18771108                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7449557                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524100                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            133899011                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           133896804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        79584548                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       208463624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523114                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381767                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100549102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    123361439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20750132                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33634                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2047792                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231134105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180744968     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23366155     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9790297      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5884847      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4075995      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2629814      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1365415      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1098303      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2178311      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231134105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    100549102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    123361439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18686295                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11345557                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17655057                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       111215377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2509805                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2178311                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          373066689                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         291915038                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3041124                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              21135259                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         100549102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           123361439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    100549102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.545634                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.545634                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      605131821                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     185839105                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     134731670                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        33604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19907589                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17963958                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1041785                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7525478                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7123022                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1101204                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46228                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210982894                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            125223676                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19907589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8224226                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24768999                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3274943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      5126948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12109437                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1046546                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    243085983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      218316984     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         888341      0.37%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1808459      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         760552      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        4122259      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3662083      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         708528      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1480493      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11338284      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    243085983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077776                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489229                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      209803123                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6319720                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24678292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        78209                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2206636                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1746645                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    146837678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2764                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2206636                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      210012389                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       4578027                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1084118                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24562296                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       642514                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    146759041                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       278669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       231189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4012                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    172278635                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    691270767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    691270767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    152907044                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       19371578                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        17508                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9073                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1621367                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     34636382                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     17521091                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160845                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       849690                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        146478099                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       140855826                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73374                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11262029                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26987440                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          560                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243085983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    193059933     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14962706      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12298143      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5311596      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6742782      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6532612      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3702387      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       293056      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182768      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243085983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        357547     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2779794     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80484      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88350264     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1231042      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8434      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33783639     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17482447     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    140855826                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550302                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3217825                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528088831                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157761258                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139657751                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    144073651                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       254080                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1327509                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          558                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3573                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105119                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12475                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2206636                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       4205575                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186729                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146495744                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1338                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34636382                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17521091                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9074                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127568                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3573                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606839                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614898                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1221737                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139874277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33669596                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       981546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           51150621                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18325425                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         17481025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            139662185                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           139657751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        75425398                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       148594999                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507590                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113496737                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    133376924                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13133202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17003                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1064719                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240879347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192535226     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17625353      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8275493      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8186045      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2225717      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9523649      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711710      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518155      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1277999      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240879347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    113496737                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    133376924                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             50724845                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            33308873                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8488                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17613046                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       118604006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1291802                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1277999                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          386111136                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         295227136                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4625943                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              12875194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         113496737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           133376924                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    113496737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.255229                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.255229                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443414                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443414                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      691531038                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     162153486                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     174873457                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21058887                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17230149                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2062640                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8858479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8303761                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2178835                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94202                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203065664                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            117692911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21058887                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10482596                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24587674                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5607257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4871350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12422558                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2063944                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    236042533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      211454859     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1153020      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1825168      0.77%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2469171      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2538451      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2146301      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1199410      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1784913      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11471240      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    236042533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.459808                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      201000047                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6954467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24543852                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        26692                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3517472                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3466516                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    144447618                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1968                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3517472                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      201551874                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1426528                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4267295                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24025938                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1253423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    144394683                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       171148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       546454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    201498518                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    671712828                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    671712828                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    174966316                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       26532194                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        36243                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19041                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3751134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13531703                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7328285                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86032                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1719289                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        144221238                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       137087370                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18788                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15748496                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37533799                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1682                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236042533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178019755     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23866038     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12096120      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9111547      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7155401      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2891688      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1825653      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       950159      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       126172      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236042533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25530     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83459     36.61%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118951     52.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115298453     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2041086      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17197      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12426396      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7304238      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    137087370                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.535579                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227940                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510464001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160006668                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135021326                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    137315310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277040                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2165330                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          162                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          563                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97328                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3517472                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1141259                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122794                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144257751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13531703                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7328285                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19046                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103792                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          563                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1203633                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153533                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2357166                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135186427                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11692634                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1900943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18996595                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19218412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7303961                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528152                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            135021578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           135021326                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        77511117                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       208850606                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101993584                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    125501860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18755915                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34690                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2088665                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232525061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181056755     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25503393     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9641382      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4591217      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3869687      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2221941      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1946593      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       878703      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2815390      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232525061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    101993584                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    125501860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18597330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11366373                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17306                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18097390                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       113075818                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2584351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2815390                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          373966744                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         292033082                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3078892                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              19918644                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         101993584                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           125501860                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    101993584                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.509581                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.509581                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398473                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398473                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      608459473                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     188088507                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     133897645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        34660                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20724730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16948053                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022422                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8547167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8174271                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133469                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89748                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201217250                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            117639920                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20724730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10307740                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24645038                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5875587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3548849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12371008                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2038269                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    233220009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      208574971     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1331430      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2108863      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3363234      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1390342      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1551515      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1664027      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1089661      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12145966      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    233220009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.080968                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459601                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199355368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5425443                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24568057                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        62731                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3808407                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3399020                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          467                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    143649079                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3033                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3808407                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      199658374                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1744163                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2788817                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24333811                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       886432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    143571913                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        26689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       247865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       333066                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        46173                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    199342241                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    667895989                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    667895989                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    170218989                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       29123245                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        36435                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19973                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2653622                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13671648                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7352518                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221837                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671631                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        143386925                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36540                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       135725257                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166901                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18166223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40415091                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3339                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233220009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175999886     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22962486      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12554442      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8565185      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8008576      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2301486      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1799159      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       608668      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420121      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233220009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31697     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97584     38.62%     51.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123428     48.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113699981     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2147434      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16458      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12543772      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7317612      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    135725257                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530257                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252709                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505090133                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161591186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133546558                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    135977966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       408044                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2436773                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          385                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1532                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       210476                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8491                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3808407                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1159144                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121225                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143423605                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        17674                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13671648                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7352518                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19958                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88999                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1532                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183125                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1152725                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2335850                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133795266                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11795565                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1929991                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19111409                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18823366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7315844                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522717                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            133547578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           133546558                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        78078600                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       203988876                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521745                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382759                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99986585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    122558123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20865708                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33201                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2065221                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229411602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179655819     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24098285     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9381128      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5052846      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3782816      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114864      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303623      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166046      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2856175      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229411602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     99986585                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    122558123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18376914                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11234873                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17592792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       110433958                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2489750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2856175                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          369978582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         290656296                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3246563                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              22741168                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          99986585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           122558123                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     99986585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.559955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.559955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390632                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390632                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      603357684                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     185120657                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     133989973                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        33170                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20717848                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16942452                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023881                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8613514                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8177288                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201179895                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            117567434                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20717848                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10310325                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24638153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5872144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3545864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12369935                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2039636                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    233167957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      208529804     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1333992      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2109564      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3363639      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1389126      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1556738      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1658128      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1086928      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12140038      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    233167957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080941                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459317                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      199316990                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5423296                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24561416                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        62714                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3803538                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3397905                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          476                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    143575669                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3076                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3803538                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      199623035                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1743993                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2784942                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24324196                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       888248                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    143495901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        27356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       247059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       334076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        46469                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    199238301                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    667525442                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    667525442                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    170176310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29061989                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36446                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2660615                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13673547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7348152                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221955                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1670565                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143303474                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36558                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       135677936                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166816                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18113408                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40224883                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3370                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233167957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581889                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175962287     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22956552      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12560698      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8556934      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8003942      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2299958      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1799467      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       608126      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419993      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233167957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31700     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97426     38.60%     51.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123264     48.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113662287     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2143786      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16454      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12542303      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7313106      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    135677936                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530072                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252390                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504943035                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161454954                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133492891                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    135930326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       410169                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2441462                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          328                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1551                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       207896                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8483                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3803538                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1158553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121497                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143340171                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        32081                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13673547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7348152                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19981                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89290                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1551                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1184669                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1152043                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2336712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133742526                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11793946                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1935410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19105236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18818577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7311290                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522511                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133493976                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133492891                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        78048691                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       203909597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521536                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382761                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99961481                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    122527463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20812964                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2066617                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229364419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179620477     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24091380     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9380987      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5049022      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3783879      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114647      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304465      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164994      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2854568      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229364419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99961481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    122527463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18372341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11232085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17588425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110406319                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2489135                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2854568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          369849602                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290484606                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3247752                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              22793220                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99961481                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           122527463                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99961481                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.560598                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.560598                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390534                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390534                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      603125481                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     185051488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     133911045                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33156                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              255961176                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19886775                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17944074                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1044262                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7571308                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7120297                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1101765                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46378                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210984421                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            125051616                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19886775                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8222062                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24735220                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3260002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      5113334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12109986                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1049580                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    243022749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      218287529     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         881143      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1802615      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         759879      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4116432      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3664869      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         713208      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1486338      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11310736      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    243022749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077694                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.488557                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      209793507                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6317097                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24644882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        77996                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2189264                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1746288                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    146656829                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2787                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2189264                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      210008346                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       4564197                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1082997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24523193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       654749                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    146581074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       278127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       237612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4306                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    172057849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    690430560                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    690430560                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    152847786                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       19210063                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        17016                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8582                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1655633                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     34619608                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     17513182                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160686                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       850685                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        146299864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17068                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       140787897                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73883                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11114946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26452321                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           74                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243022749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    193009503     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14969968      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12295368      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5308795      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6733160      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6525491      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3705730      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291539      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       183195      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243022749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        356260     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2778650     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80557      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88308558     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1226244      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8432      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33769712     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17474951     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    140787897                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550036                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3215467                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527887893                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157435430                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139582141                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    144003364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1325630                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          583                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3560                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104889                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12470                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2189264                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       4192492                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       186237                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146317015                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34619608                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17513182                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8584                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       127114                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           91                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3560                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       609804                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614301                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1224105                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139799256                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33654978                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       988641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           51128448                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18318023                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         17473470                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546174                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            139586685                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           139582141                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        75379075                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       148503042                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545325                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507593                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113450675                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    133323290                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13008116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16994                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1067160                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240833485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192508224     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17619271      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8273811      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8180322      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2224018      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9520627      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711579      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       518314      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1277319      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240833485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    113450675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    133323290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             50702271                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            33293978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17606128                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       118556378                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1291387                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1277319                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          385887234                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         294852309                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4627336                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              12938427                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         113450675                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           133323290                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    113450675                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.256145                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.256145                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443234                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443234                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      691168767                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     162082674                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     174679112                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23181344                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19302153                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2106544                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8834229                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8477455                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2494128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97925                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201756587                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            127182139                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23181344                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10971583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26507607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5857776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      6917607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12527021                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2013831                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    238913930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      212406323     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1625614      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2047129      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3263533      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1372876      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1757541      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2048955      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         937642      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13454317      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    238913930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.496881                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      200568914                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      8219303                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26381548                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        12582                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3731582                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3527068                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          548                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    155441529                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2634                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3731582                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      200772452                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        651067                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      7000734                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        26190713                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       567374                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    154483803                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        82114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       395344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    215782136                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    718403540                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    718403540                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    180659890                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       35122241                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        37506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19589                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1994673                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     14449169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7564691                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84725                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1715446                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        150829966                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37638                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       144745606                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143699                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18218907                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37018083                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1501                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238913930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177573958     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27984548     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11434643      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6411551      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8680714      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2673232      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2630476      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1413217      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111591      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238913930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998415     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134247     10.64%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129045     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121945593     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1978956      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17917      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13261478      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7541662      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    144745606                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565498                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261707                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008717                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529810548                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169087207                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140986025                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    146007313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107119                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2707204                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          698                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103203                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           41                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3731582                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        495793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62658                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150867609                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117252                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14449169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7564691                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19589                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54704                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          698                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1249706                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1181862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2431568                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142230023                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13048086                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2515583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20589063                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20115469                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7540977                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555670                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            140986483                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           140986025                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        84467621                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       226889546                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550810                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372285                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105103609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    129512159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21356068                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36137                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2124584                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235182348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180365508     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27781421     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10086518      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5025730      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4595248      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1931229      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909902      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910373      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2576419      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235182348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    105103609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    129512159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             19203450                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11741962                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             18028                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18772518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       116603105                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2674410                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2576419                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          383473428                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         305468056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3058302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              17047247                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         105103609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           129512159                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    105103609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.435322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.435322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410623                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410623                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      639991011                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     197010545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     143782407                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        36106                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19408812                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17331657                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546923                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13011182                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12678125                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1165961                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46873                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205192347                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            110221328                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19408812                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     13844086                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24582998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5067355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3139589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12412942                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518352                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    236426690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      211843692     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3746803      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1893449      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3710640      1.57%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1190295      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3437149      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         542328      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         871338      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9190996      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    236426690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075827                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      202717328                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5661494                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24534715                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19589                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3493560                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1831481                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18172                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    123299769                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        34373                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3493560                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      202993278                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3420550                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1393575                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24278517                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       847206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    123121672                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        95498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       678501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    161368094                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    558014232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    558014232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    130942690                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       30425404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16542                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1836915                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     22209413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3607060                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23701                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       818680                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        122486592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16603                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       114732926                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74074                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22031871                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45101727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236426690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186081081     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15905033      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16820150      7.11%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9766918      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5032870      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1261200      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1495602      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34941      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28895      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236426690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192376     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78537     23.39%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64843     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89967664     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       899467      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8169      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20281578     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3576048      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    114732926                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.448243                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335756                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466302372                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144535367                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111826070                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    115068682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90755                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4515622                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          311                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82994                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3493560                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2327007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104200                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122503283                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22209413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3607060                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8372                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41245                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2400                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          311                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1047051                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592465                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1639516                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113279474                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19988565                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           23564420                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17221411                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3575855                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.442565                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            111851776                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           111826070                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        67670249                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       147376932                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.436887                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.459164                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89100551                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    100314328                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22194068                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1537214                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    232933130                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195585042     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14674297      6.30%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9427118      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2966466      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4924916      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960259      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608872      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557074      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3229086      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    232933130                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     89100551                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    100314328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             21217857                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            17693791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15391109                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        87666681                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1254478                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3229086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          352212102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         248513060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4562359                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19534487                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          89100551                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           100314328                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     89100551                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.872723                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.872723                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.348102                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.348102                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      526563768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     145708058                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     130958519                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23176425                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19297741                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2105833                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8833734                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8475892                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2493533                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97883                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201724079                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            127155508                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23176425                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10969425                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            26501935                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5854621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6941129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12524345                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2013026                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    238896835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      212394900     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1626475      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2046975      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3262606      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1370803      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1757404      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2050737      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         936483      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13450452      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    238896835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090547                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.496777                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      200536645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      8242808                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26375952                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        12295                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3729134                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3526714                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          558                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    155401345                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2314                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3729134                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      200740207                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        650491                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      7025417                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26184934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       566644                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    154442522                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        81313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       395599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    215732597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    718201188                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    718201188                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    180636948                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       35095649                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37478                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1991930                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14441524                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7563614                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84426                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1709065                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        150793183                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37613                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       144726353                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144461                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18188366                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36937921                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1480                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238896835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177571252     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27971934     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11435826      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6407903      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8682986      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2671613      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2629495      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414529      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111297      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238896835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997618     79.11%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134338     10.65%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129069     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121927697     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1978979      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17914      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13261329      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7540434      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    144726353                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.565423                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261025                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529755027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169019861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140965126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    145987378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106562                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2701082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          702                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103113                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           16                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3729134                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        495710                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62548                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150830801                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14441524                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7563614                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19564                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          702                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1248742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1181522                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2430264                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142209712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13046721                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2516641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20586605                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       20113265                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7539884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555591                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            140965507                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           140965126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        84456524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       226829747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.550729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372334                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105090197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    129495576                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21335762                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36133                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2123856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235167701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180362186     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27775556     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10082054      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5026641      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4592471      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1932073      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908764      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910492      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577464      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235167701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    105090197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    129495576                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19200943                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11740442                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             18026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18770088                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       116588171                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2674057                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2577464                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          383420847                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         305391827                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3056361                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              17064342                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         105090197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           129495576                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    105090197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.435633                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.435633                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.410571                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.410571                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      639895674                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     196987426                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     143752998                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        36102                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20734121                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16955654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2021061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8509342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8175681                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89844                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201229294                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117698723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20734121                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10310180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24654533                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5875652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3561071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12371881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2037003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    233255163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      208600630     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1330461      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2106700      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3365071      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1392116      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1551418      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1666623      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1090221      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12151923      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    233255163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081005                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459830                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      199366563                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5438165                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24578162                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        62478                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3809792                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3400784                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          475                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143725358                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3047                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3809792                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      199668330                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1743508                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2803145                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24344786                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       885597                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143650297                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        26215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       247704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       333707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44554                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199438413                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    668261311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    668261311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170285983                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29152393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        36540                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20072                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2653290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13676748                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7357861                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672287                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143468019                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36638                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135783509                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       167180                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18206332                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40526192                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233255163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176018983     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22967721      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12553538      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8564106      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8017205      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2304381      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1799368      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       609427      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420434      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233255163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31664     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98065     38.71%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123577     48.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113748801     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2149072      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16465      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12546478      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7322693      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135783509                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530485                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            253306                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505242661                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161712501                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133605990                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    136036815                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       408914                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2437469                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          376                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1544                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       213025                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8483                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3809792                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1162548                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120720                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143504796                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13676748                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7357861                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20051                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88376                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1544                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151835                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2334832                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133855161                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11798624                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1928342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19119524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18829756                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7320900                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522951                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133606946                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133605990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        78109691                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204101859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521978                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382700                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100025873                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122606283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20898752                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33213                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2063877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229445371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179675571     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24104639     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9381479      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5055367      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3784591      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114168      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303814      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165439      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2860303      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229445371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100025873                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122606283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18384115                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11239279                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16570                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17599722                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110477325                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2490722                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2860303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          370089427                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290820100                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3246442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              22706014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100025873                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122606283                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100025873                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.558950                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.558950                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390785                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390785                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      603620162                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     185198697                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     134055372                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              255961177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20806736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17064238                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2035293                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8624609                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138606                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198596725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            118249815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20806736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10274298                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26013049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5767700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6590351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12230660                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2019840                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    234901001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      208887952     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2816692      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3261444      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1792282      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2079000      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1136229      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         770826      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2014341      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12142235      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    234901001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081289                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461983                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      197001071                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      8216421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25805329                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       196353                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3681825                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3375663                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        19046                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    144345082                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        94262                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3681825                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      197306938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2937819                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      4413443                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        25708488                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       852486                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    144257532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       223677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       396592                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    200496899                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    671704527                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    671704527                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    171347134                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       29149765                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21041                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2282459                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13761489                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7504679                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198599                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661789                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        144047602                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37826                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       136167585                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186972                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17915695                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41414738                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4172                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234901001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177517857     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23085833      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12399455      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8584235      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7502088      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3843763      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       920536      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       598118      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       449116      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234901001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36014     12.31%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124627     42.60%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131912     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113979549     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2130822      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16686      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12589578      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7450950      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    136167585                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531985                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292553                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507715696                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162002431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133925282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    136460138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       345733                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2407971                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          847                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1310                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       158803                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8344                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3681825                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2437102                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148907                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    144085554                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13761489                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7504679                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105523                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1310                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181765                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1140792                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2322557                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134173686                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11825931                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1993899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19274996                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18776551                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7449065                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.524195                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            133927539                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           133925282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        79607728                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       208471660                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.523225                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381864                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100619379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    123447790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20639217                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33654                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2046947                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231219176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180795171     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23383112     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9794124      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5890890      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4077235      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2635292      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1364154      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1100148      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2179050      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231219176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    100619379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    123447790                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18699394                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11353518                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17667469                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       111293171                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2511562                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2179050                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          373126457                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         291855924                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3039161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              21060176                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         100619379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           123447790                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    100619379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.543856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.543856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393104                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393104                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      605275090                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     185885824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     134729587                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        33624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         382541                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.907047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2042972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         415309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           4.919161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           205.978287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.110263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1908.043257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.582105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1600.936367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.410844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1511.051204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.299570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1513.074633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.657114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2447.903838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.796292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1619.527340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.765055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2440.005506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.613051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1172.514145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.787696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1902.646775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.407955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1909.922463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.890193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2448.567660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.531725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   936.198636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.361590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1511.535556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.802479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   927.276804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.467190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1873.171633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.706928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1600.870496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           349.906593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           336.841465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           304.706098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           311.047043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           357.449082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           323.308507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           345.772310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           264.966679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           354.835655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           338.215464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           339.208199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           278.996244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           304.199667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           273.657783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           369.484025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           338.897583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.058229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.048857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.046114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.046175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.074704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.049424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.074463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.035782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.058064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.058286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.074724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.028571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.046128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.028298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.057165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.048855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.010678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.010552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.010829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.008514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.009283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        42522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        42438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  607489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           179340                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                179340                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        42658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        42574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   609512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        42658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35225                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        49082                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36022                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        48927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        48713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        42574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36172                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  609512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                382350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 382394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30303                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20474                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20699                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30321                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                382394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5652585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4960238378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5776640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3360587416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5333131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3315376279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5247771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3292624099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6265421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5389604490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6320125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3402550380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6233788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5416216881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6213324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2449529935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5865067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4962435076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5814170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4995433595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6112077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5442806740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5580056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1838564830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5155492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3297168868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6466238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1874243497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5789948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4939609444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6097227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3342842852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62373755820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       161219                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1214272                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1108067                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       520963                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       514179                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1030142                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       131949                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       177318                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1346909                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       155263                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       563728                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       6924009                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5652585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4960399597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5776640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3361801688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5333131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3316484346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5247771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3293145062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6265421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5390118669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6320125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3403580522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6233788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5416348830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6213324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2449529935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5865067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4962435076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5814170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4995610913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6112077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5442806740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5580056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1838564830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5155492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3298515777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6466238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1874243497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5789948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4939764707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6097227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3343406580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      62380679829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5652585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4960399597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5776640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3361801688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5333131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3316484346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5247771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3293145062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6265421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5390118669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6320125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3403580522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6233788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5416348830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6213324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2449529935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5865067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4962435076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5814170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4995610913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6112077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5442806740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5580056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1838564830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5155492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3298515777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6466238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1874243497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5789948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4939764707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6097227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3343406580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     62380679829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        56559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              989839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       179340                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            179340                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2067                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        56721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        37088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        37097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               991906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        56620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        56721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        37088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        55723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        37097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              991906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.416099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.363013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.365452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.403372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.405240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.419655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.304705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.365476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.415961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.386275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.007299                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.049383                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.093333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.039474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.007353                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.120000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007299                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.025157                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.021287                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.415331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.365008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.403026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.415350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.418886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.302955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.365145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.308785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.415192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.385514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.415331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.365008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.403026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.415350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.418886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.302955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.365145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.308785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.415192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.385514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148752.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163693.432051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152016.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163971.086411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156856.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161986.430791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154346.205882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161998.725658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156635.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162665.755893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154149.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164430.018847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155844.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162727.342897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151544.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163030.278536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154343.868421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163663.305168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153004.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163473.839747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149075.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162515.503867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150812.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163631.615344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151632.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162118.638411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157713.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163617.939502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152367.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163427.938594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152430.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163953.251851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163132.616242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       161219                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       151784                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 158295.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 173654.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       171393                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 171690.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       131949                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       177318                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149656.555556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       155263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       140932                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157363.840909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148752.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163693.350394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152016.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163966.331171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156856.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161985.168799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154346.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162000.445789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156635.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162666.546022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154149.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164432.123388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155844.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162726.418206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151544.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163030.278536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154343.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163663.305168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153004.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163474.292778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149075.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162515.503867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150812.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163631.615344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151632.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162113.126112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157713.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163617.939502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152367.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163427.668464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152430.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163948.736331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163131.952460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148752.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163693.350394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152016.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163966.331171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156856.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161985.168799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154346.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162000.445789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156635.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162666.546022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154149.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164432.123388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155844.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162726.418206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151544.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163030.278536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154343.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163663.305168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153004.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163474.292778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149075.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162515.503867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150812.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163631.615344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151632.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162113.126112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157713.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163617.939502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152367.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163427.668464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152430.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163948.736331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163131.952460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                92793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     92793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           382350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            382394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        30303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        33136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        33285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        33491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           382394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3441214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3195902725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3563752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2166994022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3350372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2123182936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3270763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2108810450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3940316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3461163280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3935529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2197511680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3907994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3479073125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3825514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1574660197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3656035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3197033371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3604195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3216311438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3724717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3493484904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3427776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1184327908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3180433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2112602300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4081442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1207346577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3583201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3179796765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3769017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2155507215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40111971163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       103040                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       746775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       699960                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       346914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       340159                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       679461                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        73356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       118886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       821435                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        96785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       331332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4358103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3441214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3196005765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3563752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2167740797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3350372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2123882896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3270763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2109157364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3940316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3461503439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3935529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2198191141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3907994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3479146481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3825514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1574660197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3656035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3197033371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3604195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3216430324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3724717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3493484904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3427776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1184327908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3180433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2113423735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4081442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1207346577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3583201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3179893550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3769017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2155838547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40116329266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3441214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3196005765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3563752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2167740797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3350372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2123882896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3270763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2109157364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3940316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3461503439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3935529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2198191141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3907994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3479146481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3825514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1574660197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3656035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3197033371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3604195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3216430324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3724717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3493484904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3427776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1184327908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3180433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2113423735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4081442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1207346577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3583201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3179893550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3769017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2155838547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40116329266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.416099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.363013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.365452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.403372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.405240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.419655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.304705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.365476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.310568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.415961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.386275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.007299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.049383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.093333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.039474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.007353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.120000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.025157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.415331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.365008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.403026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.415350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.418886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.302955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.365145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.308785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.415192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.385514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.415331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.365008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.403026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.415350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.418886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.302955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.365145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.308785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.415192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.385514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90558.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105468.375850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93782.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105732.813955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98540.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103736.890409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96198.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103754.511685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98507.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104462.719343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95988.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106195.896197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97699.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104526.893552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93305.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104802.675341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96211.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105439.575575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94847.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105252.681393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90846.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104311.155355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92642.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105404.762193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93542.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103874.633691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99547.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105399.090092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94294.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105204.194045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94225.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105719.123792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104909.039265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       103040                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93346.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99994.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       115638                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113386.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113243.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        73356                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       118886                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91270.555556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        96785                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        82833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99047.795455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90558.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105468.295713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93782.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105727.981125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98540.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103735.610823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96198.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103756.265447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98507.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104463.527251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95988.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106197.939079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97699.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104525.957068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93305.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104802.675341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96211.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105439.575575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94847.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105253.127524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90846.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104311.155355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92642.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105404.762193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93542.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103869.058584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99547.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105399.090092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94294.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105203.915503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94225.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105714.634777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104908.364844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90558.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105468.295713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93782.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105727.981125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98540.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103735.610823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96198.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103756.265447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98507.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104463.527251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95988.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106197.939079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97699.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104525.957068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93305.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104802.675341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96211.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105439.575575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94847.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105253.127524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90846.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104311.155355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92642.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105404.762193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93542.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103869.058584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99547.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105399.090092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94294.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105203.915503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94225.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105714.634777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104908.364844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              528.160348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012379752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1913761.345936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.160348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.061154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12371703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12371703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12371703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12371703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12371703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12371703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8201404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8201404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8201404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8201404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8201404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8201404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12371754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12371754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12371754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12371754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12371754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12371754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160811.843137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160811.843137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160811.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160811.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160811.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160811.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6526805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6526805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6526805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6526805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6526805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6526805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167353.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167353.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167353.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167353.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167353.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167353.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180703781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2468.057705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.198293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.801707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8581199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8581199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19821                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19821                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15689872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15689872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       185218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       186046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       186046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       186046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       186046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22898035826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22898035826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     71629172                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71629172                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22969664998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22969664998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  22969664998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22969664998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8766417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8766417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        19821                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19821                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15875918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15875918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15875918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15875918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123627.486670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123627.486670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86508.661836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86508.661836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123462.288886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123462.288886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123462.288886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123462.288886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       112394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       113085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       113085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8147901182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8147901182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9314466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9314466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8157215648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8157215648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8157215648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8157215648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111884.834423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111884.834423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 67988.802920                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67988.802920                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111802.410164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111802.410164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111802.410164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111802.410164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              519.909769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1007792014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1934341.677543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.909769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12229568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12229568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12229568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12229568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12229568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12229568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7762336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7762336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7762336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7762336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7762336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7762336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12229617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12229617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12229617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12229617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12229617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12229617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158415.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158415.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158415.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158415.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158415.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158415.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6397565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6397565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6397565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6397565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6397565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6397565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164040.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164040.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164040.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164040.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164040.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164040.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                56620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              172067887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                56876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3025.316249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.870783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.129217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8633193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8633193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7304915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7304915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18135                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18135                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16810                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16810                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15938108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15938108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15938108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15938108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       193456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3857                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3857                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       197313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       197313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       197313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       197313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25411125216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25411125216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    497014499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    497014499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25908139715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25908139715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25908139715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25908139715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8826649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8826649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7308772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7308772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16810                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16810                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16135421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16135421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16135421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16135421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 131353.513026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131353.513026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 128860.383459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128860.383459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 131304.778271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131304.778271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 131304.778271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131304.778271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           19074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       136998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        56458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        56620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        56620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6004296825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6004296825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11693947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11693947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6015990772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6015990772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6015990772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6015990772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106349.796752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106349.796752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 72184.858025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72184.858025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106252.044719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106252.044719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106252.044719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106252.044719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.039838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              926230032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1648096.142349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.945036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.094803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.054399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12411485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12411485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12411485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12411485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12411485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12411485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7365490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7365490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7365490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7365490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7365490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7365490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12411530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12411530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12411530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12411530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12411530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12411530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163677.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163677.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163677.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163677.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163677.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163677.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5979143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5979143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5979143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170832.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170832.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170832.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170832.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170832.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170832.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                55699                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              223875941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                55955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4000.999750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   201.616942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    54.383058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.787566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.212434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18253092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18253092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3503952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21757044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       21757044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21757044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      21757044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       194277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          367                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       194644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       194644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       194644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       194644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22378848049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22378848049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34626193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34626193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22413474242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22413474242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22413474242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22413474242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18447369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18447369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3504319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3504319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21951688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21951688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21951688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21951688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115190.413940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115190.413940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94349.299728                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94349.299728                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115151.118154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115151.118154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115151.118154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115151.118154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       138653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       138945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       138945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5901640146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5901640146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5806902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5806902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5907447048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5907447048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5907447048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5907447048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106098.808895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106098.808895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77425.360000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77425.360000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106060.199429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106060.199429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106060.199429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106060.199429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              559.121521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              926232749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1648100.976868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.942916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.178605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.054396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12414202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12414202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12414202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12414202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12414202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12414202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7361852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7361852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7361852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7361852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7361852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7361852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12414245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12414245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12414245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12414245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12414245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12414245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171205.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171205.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171205.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171205.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171205.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171205.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5963215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5963215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5963215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5963215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5963215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5963215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170377.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170377.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170377.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170377.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170377.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170377.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                55692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              223879427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                55948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4001.562647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   201.725163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    54.274837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.787989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.212011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18254569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18254569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3505949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3505949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21760518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       21760518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21760518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      21760518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       194852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       195218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       195218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       195218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       195218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22348651979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22348651979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34380572                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34380572                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22383032551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22383032551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22383032551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22383032551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18449421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18449421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3506315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3506315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8229                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21955736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21955736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21955736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21955736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114695.522648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114695.522648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93935.989071                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93935.989071                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114656.602111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114656.602111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114656.602111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114656.602111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       139236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       139526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       139526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5884442907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5884442907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5507631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5507631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5889950538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5889950538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5889950538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5889950538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105804.856642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105804.856642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72468.828947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72468.828947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105759.364684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105759.364684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105759.364684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105759.364684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              579.953692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1037054591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1775778.409247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.911747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.041945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.062359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12113265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12113265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12113265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12113265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12113265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12113265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8990634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8990634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8990634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8990634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8990634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8990634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12113318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12113318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12113318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12113318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12113318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12113318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169634.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169634.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169634.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169634.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169634.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169634.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7055963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7055963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7055963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7055963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7055963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7055963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172096.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172096.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172096.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172096.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172096.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172096.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                82218                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              448709068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                82474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5440.612411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.906338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.093662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     31763205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31763205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17390826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17390826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8504                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8504                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     49154031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       49154031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     49154031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      49154031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       290795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       291046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       291046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       291046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       291046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35177628421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35177628421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23058543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23058543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35200686964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35200686964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35200686964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35200686964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     32054000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32054000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17391077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17391077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8504                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8504                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49445077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49445077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49445077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49445077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120970.540831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120970.540831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91866.705179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91866.705179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120945.441490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120945.441490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120945.441490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120945.441490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           14173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       208655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       208828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       208828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        82140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        82218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        82218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9169508882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9169508882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5889680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5889680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9175398562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9175398562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9175398562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9175398562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111632.686657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111632.686657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75508.717949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75508.717949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111598.415943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111598.415943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111598.415943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111598.415943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              521.638624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1007791125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1923265.505725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.566347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   481.072277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.065010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.770949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12228679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12228679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12228679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12228679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12228679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12228679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8194303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8194303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8194303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8194303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8194303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8194303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12228731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12228731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12228731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12228731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12228731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12228731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157582.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157582.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157582.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157582.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157582.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157582.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6890868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6890868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6890868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6890868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6890868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6890868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164068.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164068.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164068.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164068.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164068.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164068.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                56721                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              172057495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                56977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3019.771048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.870352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.129648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8627019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8627019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7300921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7300921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15927940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15927940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15927940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15927940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       197168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       197168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       197168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       197168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25472322532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25472322532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    497845729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    497845729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25970168261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25970168261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25970168261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25970168261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8820347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8820347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7304761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7304761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16125108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16125108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16125108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16125108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131757.027084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131757.027084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 129647.325260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129647.325260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131715.939001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131715.939001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131715.939001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131715.939001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           19003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       136769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        56559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        56721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        56721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6043750675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6043750675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11634646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11634646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6055385321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6055385321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6055385321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6055385321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106857.452837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106857.452837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 71818.802469                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71818.802469                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106757.379471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106757.379471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106757.379471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106757.379471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              579.324827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1037050709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1775771.761986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.224073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   540.100754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.865546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12109383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12109383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12109383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12109383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12109383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12109383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8640140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8640140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8640140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8640140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8640140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8640140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12109437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12109437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12109437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12109437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12109437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12109437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160002.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160002.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160002.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160002.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160002.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160002.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6921862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6921862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6921862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6921862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6921862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6921862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168825.902439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168825.902439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168825.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168825.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168825.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168825.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                82212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              448726103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                82468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5441.214811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.906691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.093309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     31772107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31772107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17398490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17398490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     49170597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       49170597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     49170597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      49170597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       291649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       291908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       291908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       291908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       291908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35319687747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35319687747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23188120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23188120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35342875867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35342875867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  35342875867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35342875867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     32063756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32063756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17398749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17398749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8489                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8489                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     49462505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49462505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     49462505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49462505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121103.407682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121103.407682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89529.420849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89529.420849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121075.393162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121075.393162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121075.393162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121075.393162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           14557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       209515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       209696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       209696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9190577104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9190577104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5705239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5705239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9196282343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9196282343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9196282343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9196282343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111897.351937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111897.351937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73144.089744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73144.089744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111860.584136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111860.584136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111860.584136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111860.584136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              516.765576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1006685607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1943408.507722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    41.765576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.066932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12422505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12422505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12422505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12422505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12422505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12422505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8247304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8247304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8247304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8247304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8247304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8247304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12422558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12422558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12422558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12422558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12422558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12422558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155609.509434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155609.509434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155609.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155609.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155609.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155609.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6811674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6811674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6811674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6811674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158411.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158411.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158411.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158411.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158411.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158411.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                41720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166007378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                41976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3954.816514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.528164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.471836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8551470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8551470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7196788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7196788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17330                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17330                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15748258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15748258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15748258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15748258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       133432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       134314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       134314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       134314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       134314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16655134305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16655134305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     75485705                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75485705                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16730620010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16730620010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16730620010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16730620010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8684902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8684902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7197670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7197670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17330                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17330                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15882572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15882572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15882572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15882572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124821.139644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124821.139644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 85584.699546                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85584.699546                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124563.485638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124563.485638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124563.485638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124563.485638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        91863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        92594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        92594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4388985107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4388985107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9961306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9961306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4398946413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4398946413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4398946413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4398946413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105583.129423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105583.129423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65968.913907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65968.913907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105439.751031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105439.751031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105439.751031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105439.751031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              527.791092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1012379006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1913759.935728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.791092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.060563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12370957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12370957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12370957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12370957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12370957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12370957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8201241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8201241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8201241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8201241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8201241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8201241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12371008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12371008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12371008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12371008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12371008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12371008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160808.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160808.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160808.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160808.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160808.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160808.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6555174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6555174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6555174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6555174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6555174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6555174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168081.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168081.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168081.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168081.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168081.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168081.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                73001                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180701059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                73257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2466.672932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.181530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.818470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8579491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8579491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7107707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7107707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19774                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19774                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15687198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15687198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15687198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15687198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       184974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       185797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       185797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22848887725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22848887725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     72535875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72535875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22921423600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22921423600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22921423600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22921423600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8764465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8764465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7108530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7108530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19774                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19774                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15872995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15872995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15872995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15872995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123524.861467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123524.861467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 88135.935601                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88135.935601                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123368.103898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123368.103898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123368.103898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123368.103898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112796                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112796                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8155449169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8155449169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9432654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9432654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8164881823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8164881823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8164881823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8164881823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111927.003308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111927.003308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68851.489051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68851.489051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111846.164066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111846.164066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111846.164066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111846.164066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              528.121326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012377934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1913757.909263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.121326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12369885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12369885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12369885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12369885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12369885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12369885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7939191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7939191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7939191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7939191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7939191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7939191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12369935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12369935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12369935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12369935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12369935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12369935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158783.820000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158783.820000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158783.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158783.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158783.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158783.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6434459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6434459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6434459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6434459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6434459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6434459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164986.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164986.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164986.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164986.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164986.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164986.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                72952                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              180696061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                73208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2468.255669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.205797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.794203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8576246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8576246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7105937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7105937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15682183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15682183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15682183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15682183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       185902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       185902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22913491219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22913491219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     71884926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71884926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22985376145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22985376145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22985376145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22985376145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8761329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8761329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7106756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7106756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15868085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15868085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15868085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15868085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123801.166066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123801.166066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 87771.582418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87771.582418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123642.436042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123642.436042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123642.436042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123642.436042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8174209162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8174209162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9337360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9337360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8183546522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8183546522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8183546522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8183546522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112256.879053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112256.879053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 68657.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68657.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112175.599660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112175.599660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112175.599660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112175.599660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              580.266041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1037051259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1772737.194872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    40.051688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.214353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.064185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12109933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12109933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12109933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12109933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12109933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12109933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8645192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8645192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8645192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8645192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8645192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8645192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12109986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12109986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12109986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12109986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12109986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12109986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163116.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163116.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163116.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163116.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163116.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163116.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6947358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6947358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6947358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6947358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6947358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6947358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165413.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165413.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165413.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165413.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165413.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165413.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                82204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              448704488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                82460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5441.480572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.907457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.092543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     31758646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31758646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17390819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17390819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49149465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       49149465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49149465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      49149465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       291469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       291727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       291727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       291727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       291727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35334533636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35334533636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22210282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22210282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35356743918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35356743918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35356743918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35356743918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     32050115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32050115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17391077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17391077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49441192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49441192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49441192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49441192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121229.131180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121229.131180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86086.364341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86086.364341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121198.051322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121198.051322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121198.051322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121198.051322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           14001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       209343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       209523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       209523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9204218991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9204218991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5509402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5509402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9209728393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9209728393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9209728393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9209728393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112074.361238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112074.361238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 70633.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70633.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112035.039572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112035.039572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112035.039572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112035.039572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              493.218126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1009889491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2044310.710526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.218126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.061247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12526971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12526971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12526971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12526971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12526971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12526971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7956998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7956998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7956998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7956998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7956998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7956998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12527021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12527021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12527021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12527021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12527021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12527021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159139.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159139.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159139.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159139.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159139.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159139.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6360612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6360612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6360612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163092.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163092.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                37088                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              163814625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                37344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4386.638416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.199901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.800099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.910937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.089063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9991113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9991113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7422829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7422829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18053                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18053                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17413942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17413942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17413942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17413942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        95170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2185                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2185                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        97355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        97355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        97355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        97355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10296080239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10296080239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    146003102                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146003102                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10442083341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10442083341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10442083341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10442083341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10086283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10086283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7425014                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7425014                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17511297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17511297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17511297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17511297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108186.195639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108186.195639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 66820.641648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66820.641648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107257.802280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107257.802280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107257.802280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107257.802280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       143404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 14340.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8026                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8026                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        58295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3676609383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3676609383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16494938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16494938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3693104321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693104321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3693104321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693104321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99704.661234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99704.661234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 77441.023474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77441.023474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99576.798992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99576.798992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99576.798992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99576.798992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.195849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              926231443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1648098.653025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.101094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.094756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12412896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12412896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12412896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12412896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12412896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12412896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7192221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7192221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7192221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7192221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7192221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7192221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12412942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12412942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12412942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12412942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12412942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12412942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156352.630435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156352.630435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156352.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156352.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156352.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156352.630435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5698641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5698641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5698641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5698641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5698641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5698641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162818.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162818.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162818.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162818.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162818.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162818.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                55723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              223880247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                55979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3999.361314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   202.330369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    53.669631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.790353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.209647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     18254267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18254267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3507065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3507065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     21761332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       21761332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     21761332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      21761332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       194628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       194984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       194984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       194984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       194984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22330991943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22330991943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36023889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36023889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22367015832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22367015832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22367015832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22367015832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18448895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18448895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3507421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3507421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8297                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8231                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     21956316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21956316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     21956316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21956316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114736.789891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114736.789891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101190.699438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101190.699438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114712.057564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114712.057564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114712.057564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114712.057564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       138980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       138980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       139261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       139261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        55723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5892059171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5892059171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5982490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5982490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5898041661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5898041661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5898041661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5898041661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105880.879295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105880.879295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 79766.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79766.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105845.730865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105845.730865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105845.730865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105845.730865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.588834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1009886808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2027885.156627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    41.588834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.066649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12524288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12524288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12524288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12524288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12524288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12524288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9181145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9181145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9181145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9181145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9181145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9181145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12524345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12524345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12524345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12524345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12524345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12524345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161072.719298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161072.719298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161072.719298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161072.719298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161072.719298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161072.719298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7238393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7238393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7238393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7238393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7238393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7238393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168334.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168334.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168334.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168334.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168334.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168334.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                37097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              163813373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                37353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4385.547961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.162072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.837928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.910789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.089211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9990825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9990825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7421890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7421890                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17412715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17412715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17412715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17412715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        95058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        97200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        97200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        97200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        97200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10329206948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10329206948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    144438184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    144438184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10473645132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10473645132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10473645132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10473645132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     10085883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10085883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7424032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7424032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17509915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17509915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17509915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17509915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108662.153085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108662.153085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67431.458450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67431.458450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107753.550741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107753.550741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107753.550741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107753.550741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       145846                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 24307.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3698495771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3698495771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16420805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16420805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3714916576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3714916576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3714916576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3714916576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100273.716815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100273.716815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 77092.981221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77092.981221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100140.619888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100140.619888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100140.619888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100140.619888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.160292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012379880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1913761.587902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.160292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.061154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12371831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12371831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12371831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12371831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12371831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12371831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8393036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8393036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8393036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8393036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8393036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8393036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12371881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12371881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12371881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12371881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12371881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12371881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167860.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167860.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167860.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167860.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167860.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167860.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6593281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6593281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6593281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169058.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169058.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169058.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169058.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169058.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169058.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                72800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180705354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                73056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2473.518315                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.184978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.815022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8580905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8580905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7110479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7110479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19877                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19877                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15691384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15691384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15691384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15691384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       184636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          833                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          833                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       185469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       185469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22735816920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22735816920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73238878                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73238878                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22809055798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22809055798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22809055798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22809055798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8765541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8765541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7111312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7111312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19877                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19877                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15876853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15876853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15876853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15876853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123138.591174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123138.591174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87921.822329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87921.822329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122980.421515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122980.421515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122980.421515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122980.421515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       111973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       112669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       112669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8124432640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8124432640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9435998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9435998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8133868638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8133868638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8133868638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8133868638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111809.760676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111809.760676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68875.897810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68875.897810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111728.964808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111728.964808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111728.964808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111728.964808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              521.767884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1007793056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1926946.569790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.767884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.063731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12230610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12230610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12230610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12230610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12230610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12230610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8264488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8264488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8264488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8264488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8264488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8264488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12230660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12230660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12230660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12230660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12230660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12230660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165289.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165289.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165289.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165289.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165289.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165289.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6897557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6897557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6897557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6897557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6897557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6897557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168233.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168233.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168233.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168233.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168233.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168233.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                56565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              172064970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                56821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3028.193274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.871242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.128758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8629410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8629410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7306008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7306008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15935418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15935418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15935418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15935418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       193222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       197089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       197089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       197089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       197089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25308596450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25308596450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    486315747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    486315747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25794912197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25794912197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25794912197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25794912197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8822632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8822632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7309875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7309875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16132507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16132507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16132507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16132507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 130981.960905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130981.960905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125760.472459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125760.472459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 130879.512286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130879.512286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 130879.512286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130879.512286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           19108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       136816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5995117807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5995117807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11157859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11157859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6006275666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6006275666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6006275666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6006275666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106285.108091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106285.108091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70175.213836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70175.213836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106183.605869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106183.605869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106183.605869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106183.605869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
