
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.108738                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                108737685195                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               621346888083                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 301236                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   382975                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1939089                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56076.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16892305385                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21475994196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4293760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2270976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1480576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4309248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1077504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1482112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3672448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4303360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2282112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2268288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2282368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2273920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3666432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1078016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1479296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1481728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39783040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10266624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10266624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        33545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        17742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        11567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        33666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         8418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        11579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        28691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        33620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        17721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        17765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        28644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         8422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        11557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        11576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                310805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           80208                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                80208                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39487322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20884903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13616034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39629757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9909205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13630160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33773461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        49440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39575608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20987315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20860183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20989669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20911977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33718135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9913913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13604262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13626628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               365862488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41200                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44732                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        49440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             743956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          94416430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               94416430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          94416430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        52972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39487322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        41200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20884903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        49440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13616034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39629757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9909205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        49440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13630160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        44732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33773461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        49440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39575608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        43554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20987315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        42377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20860183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20989669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20911977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        45909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33718135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9913913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        48263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13604262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        49440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13626628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              460278917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17568169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15852714                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       924217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6624147                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6295880                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         971584                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41096                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186558848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110386220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17568169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7267464                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21842473                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2899442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     26065997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10704590                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       927550                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    236419339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214576866     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         780137      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1595025      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         680126      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3629327      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3241508      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         632565      0.27%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1306838      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9976947      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    236419339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.067372                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.423322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184661647                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     27975079                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21761645                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        69442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1951520                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1541118                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          490                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129431047                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2733                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1951520                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      184905675                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles      25995877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1137314                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21614422                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       814525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129359327                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       413638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       266216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        13642                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151875339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609234541                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609234541                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17152479                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15429                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7995                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1875428                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30536236                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15443260                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140304                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       747199                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129113676                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124144319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71623                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9933361                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23753510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          492                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236419339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191818396     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13636885      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11025301      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4746688      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5934482      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5637904      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3206545      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255054      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158084      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236419339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312523     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2388115     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69729      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77876941     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082108      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29772817     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15405021     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124144319                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.476083                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2770367                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022316                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487549967                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139065728                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123087611                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126914686                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1188199                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          471                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3224                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97923                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10956                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1951520                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles      25372185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       239857                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129129226                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1310                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30536236                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15443260                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7993                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149016                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          128                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3224                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       542011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       540989                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1083000                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123281906                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29677266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       862413                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45080478                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16155204                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15403212                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472776                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123090856                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123087611                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66499872                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       131256496                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506641                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11627195                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14980                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       944611                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234467819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191685413     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15743090      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7336628      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7213983      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1991175      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8258124      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626902      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458690      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1153814      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234467819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1153814                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          362457270                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260238838                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4011364                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              24342497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.607618                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.607618                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.383492                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.383492                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609497878                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142943421                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154140201                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17870662                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15958152                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1424352                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11980066                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11674262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1073629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43220                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188903141                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            101490341                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17870662                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     12747891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            22633829                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4670339                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      7716833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles            5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11429611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1397923                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    222491819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      199857990     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3450718      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1741008      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3417224      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1096030      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3162981      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         498478      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         804594      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        8462796      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    222491819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.389207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      187057336                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9606201                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        22588989                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        18008                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3221281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1685874                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        16715                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    113527032                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        31729                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3221281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      187266688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6261746                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2684033                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22383410                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       674657                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    113360783                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        88236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       519451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    148566468                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    513764985                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    513764985                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    120519892                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       28046556                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        15221                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7703                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1542741                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     20458897                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3319659                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20667                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       749984                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        112780128                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15272                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       105628201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68032                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20325139                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41600655                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222491819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176173541     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14578287      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15530325      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8969834      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4640394      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1163433      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1377516      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31987      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26502      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222491819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176323     57.06%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        72947     23.61%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59753     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82824225     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       827881      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7518      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18677381     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3291196      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    105628201                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.405075                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309023                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434125274                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133120812                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102949438                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    105937224                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82510                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4172565                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          280                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76304                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3221281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5480318                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81711                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112795486                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20458897                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3319659                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7700                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2138                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          280                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       963206                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       546038                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1509244                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104292628                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18409326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1335571                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21700357                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       15855491                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3291031                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.399954                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            102973526                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           102949438                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        62297560                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       135667331                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.394803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.459194                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82008961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     92329249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20470804                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15159                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1415419                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219270538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    184893814     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13507146      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8674248      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2734708      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4530684      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       886371      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560338      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       512968      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2970261      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219270538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     82008961                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     92329249                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19529682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            16286327                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         14165663                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        80688874                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1154726                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2970261                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          329100031                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         228823921                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4219816                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              38270017                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          82008961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            92329249                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     82008961                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.179675                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.179675                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.314498                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.314498                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      484785825                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     134140396                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     120583558                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        15144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              260761831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20201926                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16529111                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1970626                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8307500                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7948098                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2086876                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89677                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194493559                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            112999512                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20201926                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10034974                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23575512                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5381119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     10551324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11897175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1972484                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    232005222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      208429710     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1093233      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1739563      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2363106      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2431554      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2057720      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1159691      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1717765      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11012880      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    232005222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077473                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.433344                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      192493439                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     12568480                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23532134                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        26708                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3384458                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3326143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    138655203                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1926                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3384458                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      193018792                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1752958                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      9589799                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23039487                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1219725                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    138609004                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       179768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       523927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    193393591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    644847302                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    644847302                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    167694964                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25698627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        34380                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17894                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3601722                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12967958                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7032045                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82747                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1678557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        138453898                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34502                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       131481384                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18040                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15316864                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36674855                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1256                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232005222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176375576     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22878701      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11571959      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8742333      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6877725      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2787179      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1738897      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911227      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121625      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232005222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25281     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80307     36.89%     48.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112133     51.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110581180     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965070      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16483      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11908504      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7010147      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    131481384                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.504220                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217721                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495203751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153805798                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129521562                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    131699105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       267547                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2074111                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101814                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3384458                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1458670                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118631                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138488539                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12967958                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7032045                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17897                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1145390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1109064                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2254454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129677934                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11204727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1803450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18214605                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18423436                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7009878                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.497304                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            129521771                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           129521562                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        74344486                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       200352971                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.496704                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371068                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97755159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    120286165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18202391                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33246                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1995560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228620764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179270626     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24463295     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9237472      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4406980      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3715664      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2129353      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1859709      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       842009      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2695656      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228620764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     97755159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    120286165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17824078                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10893847                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17345333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       108376453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2476919                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2695656                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          364412988                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         280361624                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2945255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              28756609                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          97755159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           120286165                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     97755159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.667499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.667499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.374883                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.374883                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      583646598                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     180414015                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     128540093                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        33216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17613641                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15896042                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       922054                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6615053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6295928                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         973000                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186898083                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110695870                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17613641                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7268928                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21891027                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       2904715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     26140745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10721002                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       925552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    236889547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      214998520     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         778610      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1596413      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         679322      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3635605      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3247025      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         627331      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1314340      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10012381      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    236889547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067547                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424509                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      184966913                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     28083520                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21810419                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        69487                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      1959202                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1543371                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          491                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    129788393                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2761                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      1959202                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      185215021                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      26139324                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1098224                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21660628                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       817142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    129719145                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       415567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       269982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8034                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    152299547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    610929135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    610929135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    135058601                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       17240943                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        15419                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7967                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1896407                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     30603740                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     15479076                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140550                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       749792                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        129472724                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15464                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       124437886                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10025748                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24086739                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          444                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236889547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192202993     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13644966      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11042419      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4765205      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5958728      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5646985      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3213875      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255628      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158748      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236889547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313769     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2391069     86.17%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70080      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     78061176     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1086506      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7451      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29839699     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15443054     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    124437886                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.477209                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2774918                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488609321                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139517130                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123378904                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    127212804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223496                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1183270                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          475                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3199                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95870                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10982                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      1959202                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      25518814                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       243129                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129488259                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1301                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30603740                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15479076                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7965                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       150588                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          104                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3199                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       536555                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       545127                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1081682                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123573196                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29743607                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       864690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  71                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           45185116                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16191346                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         15441509                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            123382116                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           123378904                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        66653175                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       131595232                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.473148                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506501                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100248588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    117808370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11693715                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15020                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       942224                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234930345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192046913     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15781147      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7349325      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7231800      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1999062      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8274263      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       628636      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459798      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1159401      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234930345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100248588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    117808370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             44803674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            29420468                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7498                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15557303                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       104759684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1141030                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1159401                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          363272730                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         260963551                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4012840                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              23872289                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100248588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           117808370                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100248588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.601152                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.601152                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384445                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384445                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      610915743                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     143280546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     154551647                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        14998                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       22611058                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18830311                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2057314                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8797641                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8281904                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2435324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95697                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196906080                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            124075964                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          22611058                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10717228                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25867467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5713307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17796195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12225514                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1966404                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    244208910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      218341443     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1585153      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2006080      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3190751      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1335098      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1715073      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2003731      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         911790      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13119791      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    244208910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086712                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.475821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      195752981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     19062247                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25744862                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        11875                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3636937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3436831                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    151629174                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2484                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3636937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      195950622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        628398                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     17882949                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25559236                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       550761                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    150693062                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        79385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       384934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    210524283                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    700815263                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    700815263                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    176295734                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       34228522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        36973                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19489                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1936186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14086256                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7374477                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82273                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660115                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        147136546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37100                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       141227237                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       137804                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17756363                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35998077                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1832                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244208910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184366103     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27300384     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11157458      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6246364      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8475322      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2604751      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2569963      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1380496      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108069      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244208910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974160     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129638     10.54%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125945     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118985585     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1931564      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17483      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12941007      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7351598      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    141227237                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.541595                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1229743                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528030931                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    164930697                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137555011                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    142456980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104113                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2628281                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          691                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93426                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3636937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        478196                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60830                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147173651                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115508                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14086256                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7374477                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19490                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          691                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1223744                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2372304                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138766522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12729969                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2460715                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20081049                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19623926                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7351080                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532158                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            137555360                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           137555011                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        82427744                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       221407527                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527512                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102564986                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    126383299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20790991                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35268                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2074912                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240571973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187080139     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27106799     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9842119      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4907555      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4484706      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1887951      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861712      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       887190      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2513802      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240571973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    102564986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    126383299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18739026                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11457975                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17594                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18318592                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       113786398                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2609788                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2513802                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          385231746                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         297985540                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2985032                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              16552926                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         102564986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           126383299                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    102564986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.542406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.542406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393328                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393328                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      624429016                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     192234578                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     140267102                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35238                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20216007                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16540403                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1968535                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8337074                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7955383                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2087881                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89773                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194526944                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            113071768                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20216007                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10043264                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23596677                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5376259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     10467402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11898029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1970235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    231973059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      208376382     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1098311      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1744726      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2366401      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2432860      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2061171      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1158261      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1711705      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11023242      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    231973059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077527                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.433621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      192527048                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     12484580                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23552719                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        27045                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3381664                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3328630                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    138733278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3381664                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      193055784                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1753617                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      9505573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23056995                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1219423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    138682574                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       179775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       524011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    193498409                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    645191992                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    645191992                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    167787334                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25711070                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34373                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17877                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3602260                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12972192                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7036392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82869                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1730384                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        138515755                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34496                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       131533743                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18009                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15316194                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36700795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1230                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231973059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176279888     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22929653      9.88%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11597331      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8738190      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6870659      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2785661      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1738787      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911925      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120965      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231973059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25402     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80350     36.89%     48.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112083     51.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110622928     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966261      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16492      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11913564      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7014498      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    131533743                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.504421                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217835                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495276389                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153866987                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129578399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    131751578                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       269041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2072321                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          544                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102316                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3381664                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1458888                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118796                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138550392                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        34599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12972192                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7036392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17881                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100262                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          544                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143058                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108756                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2251814                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129735797                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11213131                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1797946                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18227368                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18434287                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7014237                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.497526                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            129578612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           129578399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        74379756                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       200423458                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.496922                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371113                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97809134                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    120352549                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18197855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33266                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1993485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228591395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179182716     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24507598     10.72%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9238040      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4412762      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3734527      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2130913      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1848686      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       843428      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2692725      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228591395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     97809134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    120352549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17833944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10899868                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16596                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17354883                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       108436277                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2478281                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2692725                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          364448398                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         280482528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2943996                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              28788777                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          97809134                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           120352549                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     97809134                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.666027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.666027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.375090                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.375090                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      583911126                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     180492029                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     128622720                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        33236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18304264                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14970732                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1791076                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7630426                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7226984                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882882                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79483                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177767954                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            103844544                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18304264                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9109866                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21767955                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5204090                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8261791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10932961                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1802580                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    211171068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      189403113     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1182384      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1867159      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2970879      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1228322      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1376322      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1463555      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         955868      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10723466      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    211171068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070195                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398235                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      176074608                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9968213                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21700560                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        54761                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3372923                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2999432                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    126806775                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2847                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3372923                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      176346580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2035435                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      7119139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21487916                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       809072                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    126723613                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        32074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       217017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       294864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        67622                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    175928900                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    589485624                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    589485624                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    150212788                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25716112                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32796                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18271                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2352747                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12081016                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6493765                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1472543                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        126546554                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32895                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       119821061                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15948829                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35462887                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3603                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211171068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160610595     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20321148      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11096962      5.25%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7556113      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7063393      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2028871      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1586262      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539641      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       368083      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211171068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27857     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        84265     38.24%     50.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108248     49.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100379903     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1892927      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14523      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11074477      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6459231      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    119821061                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            220370                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451184789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142529594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117895568                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    120041431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       362578                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2167052                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          362                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       191538                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7469                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           62                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3372923                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1260916                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108164                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126579580                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12081016                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6493765                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18262                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79836                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1048159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1020762                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2068921                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118113857                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10416859                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1707204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16874477                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16626581                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6457618                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452957                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            117896373                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           117895568                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        68933830                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       180065040                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.452120                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382827                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88235692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    108153452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18426679                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29292                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1829346                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207798145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163895545     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21259933     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8276954      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4461440      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3338557      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1864834      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1150834      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1028495      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2521553      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207798145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88235692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    108153452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16216191                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9913964                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14614                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15525103                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        97454020                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2197004                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2521553                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          331856138                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         256533372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2882400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              49590768                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88235692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           108153452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88235692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.955287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.955287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338377                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338377                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      532640738                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163419292                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     118283183                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        29266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       17616963                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15896272                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       921778                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6642834                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6303713                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         972017                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40726                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186852826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            110704937                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          17616963                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7275730                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21900793                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       2907817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     26085801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10718708                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       925214                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    236802536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      214901743     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         782937      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1600832      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         681340      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3638954      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3242667      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         626486      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1309301      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10018276      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    236802536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067560                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      184926673                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     28023830                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21819529                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        70000                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      1962498                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1546282                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          496                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    129805160                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2767                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      1962498                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      185173169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles      26046820                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1137435                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21671867                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       810741                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    129732952                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       414879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       267239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7297                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    152290814                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    610982597                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    610982597                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    135052940                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       17237856                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        15506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8054                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1883305                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     30610143                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     15483874                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       141160                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       751949                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        129482798                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15553                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       124446192                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74242                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10043756                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24127493                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          533                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236802536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192115843     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13644064      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11040635      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4763356      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5961615      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5651057      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3211263      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256157      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158546      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236802536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313466     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2392184     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69997      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     78060282     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1086903      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7450      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29848459     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15443098     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    124446192                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477241                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2775647                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488544806                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139545316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123383909                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    127221839                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224552                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1189976                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          469                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3218                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100869                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10979                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      1962498                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles      25423790                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       242932                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129498445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30610143                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15483874                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       150414                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          110                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3218                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       537038                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       544300                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1081338                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123582889                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29749625                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       863300                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           45191091                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16192913                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         15441466                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473930                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            123387215                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           123383909                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        66651939                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       131572688                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473167                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506579                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100245344                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    117804494                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11708328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15020                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       942005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234840038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191958399     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15779142      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7349797      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7232065      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1997830      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8276178      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627977      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459709      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1158941      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234840038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100245344                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    117804494                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             44803172                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            29420167                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7498                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15556770                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       104756203                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1140968                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1158941                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          363193620                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         260988331                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4011856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              23959300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100245344                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           117804494                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100245344                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.601236                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.601236                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384433                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384433                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      610956442                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     143271064                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     154562178                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        14998                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19169705                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15720086                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1877235                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7867987                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7480413                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1966050                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84018                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182990721                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            109008665                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19169705                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9446463                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23970237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5345998                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     17400581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11276056                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1866679                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    227797753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      203827516     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2598023      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3006746      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1650318      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1894897      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1043891      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         715173      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1859143      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11202046      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    227797753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073514                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.418039                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      181497157                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     18922422                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23771204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       188303                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3418664                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3111733                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17551                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    133067874                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        87424                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3418664                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      181786656                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       5823662                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     12287297                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23678167                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       803304                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    132987326                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       204716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       371936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    184808978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    619191879                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    619191879                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    157705848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27103123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        34885                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19497                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2155589                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12697970                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6914354                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180372                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1534682                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        132771227                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34954                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       125436288                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       176347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16666530                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38569759                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3979                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227797753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174952628     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21250405      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11414738      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7913200      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6911305      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3535415      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       857156      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551672      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411234      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227797753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32516     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117579     43.23%     55.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121917     44.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    104993389     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963140      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15357      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11598783      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6865619      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    125436288                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.481038                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            272012                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002169                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479118688                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149473900                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123345941                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    125708300                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       314836                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2248174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          735                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1192                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       152945                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7682                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3299                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3418664                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5374436                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132806293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12697970                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6914354                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19481                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95173                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1192                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1088254                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1055657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2143911                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123582444                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10890816                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1853844                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 112                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           17754906                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17289133                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6864090                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473928                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            123347773                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           123345941                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        73316004                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       192047858                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473021                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381759                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92610278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    113620513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19186902                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1888190                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224379089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177960602     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21528423      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9021664      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5418977      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3751379      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2423087      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258405      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1011966      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2004586      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224379089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     92610278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    113620513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17211205                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10449796                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15454                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16260623                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       102433752                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2311556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2004586                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          355181294                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         269033561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2803935                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              32964083                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          92610278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           113620513                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     92610278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.815690                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.815690                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355153                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355153                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      557444638                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     171188802                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     124182750                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        30946                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              260760801                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17857126                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15946035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1423308                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11973973                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11665377                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1073001                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43148                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188765196                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            101418343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17857126                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     12738378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            22618415                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       4666111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      7665952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          118                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11421076                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1396951                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    222284486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      199666071     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3446765      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1741033      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3415368      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1094946      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3161694      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         498702      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         803012      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        8456895      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    222284486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.388932                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      186918112                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      9556369                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        22573603                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        18293                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3218105                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1684603                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        16699                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    113452101                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        31612                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3218105                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      187127620                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6280205                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2614806                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        22368068                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       675678                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    113285724                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        88721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       519933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    148468162                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    513436870                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    513436870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    120451941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       28016125                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        15220                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7705                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1545210                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     20444951                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3317923                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20631                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       754251                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        112704457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15272                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       105558767                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20300308                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41570044                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222284486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175994971     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14567381      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15524106      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8966066      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4635480      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1160772      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1377239      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32006      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26465      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222284486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176420     57.10%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        72919     23.60%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59631     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82769037     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       827527      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7514      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18665134     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3289555      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    105558767                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.404811                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            308970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    433778978                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133020309                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102881985                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    105867737                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82955                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4168186                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76309                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3218105                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5493349                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81987                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112719817                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20444951                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3317923                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7703                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38302                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2199                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       962994                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       545426                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1508420                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104223654                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18396233                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1335113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           21685633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       15844131                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3289400                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.399691                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            102906076                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           102881985                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        62258151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       135600833                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.394545                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.459128                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     81962172                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     92276947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20447419                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1414397                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219066381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    184711344     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13497551      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8669342      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2733168      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4527628      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       885104      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560040      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       512696      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2969508      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219066381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     81962172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     92276947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19518336                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            16276741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7560                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         14157641                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        80643230                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1154103                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2969508                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          328820940                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         228669466                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4215852                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              38476315                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          81962172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            92276947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     81962172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.181477                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.181477                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.314319                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.314319                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      484468999                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     134051462                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     120499067                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        15138                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19188932                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15735922                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1878280                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7905857                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7495254                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1969274                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84525                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183240398                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            109117492                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19188932                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9464528                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23996937                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5338780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     17258373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11288756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1867397                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    227923597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      203926660     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        2602471      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        3009462      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        1653776      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1900627      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1046395      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         717111      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1857362      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11209733      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    227923597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.073588                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.418457                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      181742909                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     18783735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23797880                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles       188746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3410324                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3114580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17565                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    133184949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        87723                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3410324                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      182032872                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       5936223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     12035455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23704979                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       803741                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    133104878                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       205044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       372044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    184975663                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    619739470                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    619739470                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    157972143                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27003512                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35028                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19610                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2157802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12700716                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6922791                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       182047                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1537860                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        132893709                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35107                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       125595918                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175204                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16591755                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38359142                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4080                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227923597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175003044     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21285813      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11434597      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7918508      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6920944      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3538260      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       858359      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552419      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411653      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227923597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32527     12.09%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       114634     42.61%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121856     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105130455     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965209      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15383      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11611350      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6873521      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    125595918                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.481650                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479559654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149521771                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123513550                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    125864935                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315779                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2233341                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          726                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1202                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       150048                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7696                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3293                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3410324                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5492515                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136432                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132928935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12700716                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6922791                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19608                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95959                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1202                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090853                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1053402                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2144255                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123747225                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10906179                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848693                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           17778242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17313145                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6872063                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474560                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            123515386                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           123513550                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        73409008                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       192262351                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473664                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381817                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92766562                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    113812215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19117938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1889279                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224513273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178015916     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21560903      9.60%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9037442      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5434241      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3755995      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2430612      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1257916      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012815      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2007433      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224513273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     92766562                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    113812215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17240115                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10467375                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             15480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16288089                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       102606547                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2315451                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2007433                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          355435369                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         269270708                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2805830                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              32838239                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          92766562                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           113812215                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     92766562                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.810946                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.810946                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.355752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.355752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      558213842                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     171420220                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     124313821                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        30998                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              260759520                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17878218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15965725                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1425264                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11983584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11679551                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1073886                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43232                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188987568                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            101535336                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17878218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12753437                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            22644875                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4672964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7618689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11435031                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1398831                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    222490834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      199845959     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3450903      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1743319      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3420046      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1095964      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3166308      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         499012      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         803410      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8465913      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    222490834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068562                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389383                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      187138172                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9511486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        22600069                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        18118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3222985                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1685694                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        16717                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    113577785                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        31684                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3222985                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      187347953                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6217618                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2631856                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        22394028                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       676390                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    113411209                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        88110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       521300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    148632651                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    514001078                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    514001078                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    120571282                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       28061242                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15221                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7700                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1546610                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     20470216                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3321124                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20801                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       754673                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        112828580                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15275                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       105671626                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68107                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20331250                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41630792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222490834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176153235     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14580015      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15541942      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8976157      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4640159      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1162261      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1378624      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31957      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26484      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222490834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176712     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        72936     23.58%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59709     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82856091     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       828141      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7520      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18687572     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3292302      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    105671626                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.405246                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309357                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434211550                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133175370                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102991995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    105980983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        83359                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4174586                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          271                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76896                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3222985                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5436054                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112843936                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14987                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20470216                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3321124                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7699                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38215                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2158                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          271                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       963927                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       546167                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1510094                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104335062                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18418691                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1336564                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21710798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       15861985                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3292107                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.400120                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            103016286                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           102991995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        62324499                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       135729250                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.394969                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.459183                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82047231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     92370256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20478143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1416333                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219267849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    184879260     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13509813      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8678102      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2735837      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4532755      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       885547      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560708      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       512891      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2972936      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219267849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     82047231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     92370256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             19539826                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            16295598                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         14172148                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        80724072                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1155035                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2972936                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          329143013                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         228922450                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4222137                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              38268686                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          82047231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            92370256                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     82047231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.178164                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.178164                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.314647                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.314647                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      484992361                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     134194061                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     120638762                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        15152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18303587                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14969529                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1789316                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7539851                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7213610                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1881476                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79342                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177651284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            103901931                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18303587                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9095086                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21764821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5216351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      8193072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10926711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1800760                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    210996560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      189231739     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1181435      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1859405      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2967803      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1228642      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1368920      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1468796      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         957609      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10732211      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    210996560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070193                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      175952720                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      9904763                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21697607                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        54530                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3386937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3000270                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    126858211                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2862                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3386937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      176225480                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1937707                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      7143795                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21484046                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       818592                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    126775923                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        40127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       216758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       296221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        74905                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    175995687                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    589753012                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    589753012                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    150102077                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       25893606                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        32712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2359932                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12074110                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6494823                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195842                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1478285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        126598631                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32807                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       119793322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151116                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16078147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35881284                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3538                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210996560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160463220     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20302081      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11083442      5.25%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7558104      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7068434      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2027589      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1586115      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       538926      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       368649      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210996560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27704     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83956     38.18%     50.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108212     49.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100352866     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1895812      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14512      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11069918      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6460214      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    119793322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459397                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            219872                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450954192                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142710885                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117869579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    120013194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       360442                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2167376                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          356                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1334                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       197190                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7470                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          122                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3386937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1189442                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126631566                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12074110                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6494823                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1334                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044415                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1022663                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2067078                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118088458                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10410847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1704864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 128                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           16869409                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16617323                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6458562                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.452859                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            117870412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           117869579                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        68912694                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       180034085                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.452020                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88170713                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    108073966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18558020                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29269                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1827567                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207609623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163740184     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21244682     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8270092      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4457859      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3334108      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1864242      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1150679      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1028409      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2519368      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207609623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     88170713                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    108073966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             16204366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             9906733                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             14602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15513713                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        97382424                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2195411                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2519368                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          331721656                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         256651125                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2882021                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              49765276                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          88170713                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           108073966                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     88170713                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.957465                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.957465                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338127                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338127                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      532513823                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163374388                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     118336589                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        29244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       22631931                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18840522                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2055855                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8680997                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8276600                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2436179                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95489                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196985502                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            124184017                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          22631931                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10712779                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25880918                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5717206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     17699436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12229854                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1965290                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    244211849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      218330931     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1587349      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1993223      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3188874      1.31%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1338663      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1716070      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2004728      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         918772      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13133239      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    244211849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086792                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.476235                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      195830002                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     18969433                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25758260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        11951                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3642195                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3447474                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          519                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    151782071                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2556                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3642195                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      196027938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        630564                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     17787388                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25572550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       551207                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    150847938                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        79591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       384660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    210691789                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    701487891                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    701487891                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    176388165                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       34303624                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        36759                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19266                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1933953                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14110055                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7389257                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671396                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        147284531                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36893                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       141343625                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143155                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17796197                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36178514                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1609                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244211849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184322157     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27317335     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11169036      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6253842      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8475745      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2616212      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2568303      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1380918      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108301      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244211849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974320     79.09%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       131546     10.68%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126016     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119070810     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1932268      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17492      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12956596      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7366459      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    141343625                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.542041                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1231882                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008716                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528274136                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165118309                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137666897                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    142575507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104663                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2646086                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          691                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104422                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3642195                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        479893                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60744                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147321430                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14110055                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7389257                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19267                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53014                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          691                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1219406                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153083                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2372489                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138885315                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12743756                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2458310                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20109581                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19642276                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7365825                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.532614                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            137667307                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           137666897                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        82466280                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       221525718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527941                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102618693                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    126449516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20872509                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2073483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240569654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187051366     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27120364     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9848076      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4908146      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4488190      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1886169      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1862858      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       888071      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2516414      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240569654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    102618693                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    126449516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18748804                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11463969                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18328227                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       113845997                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2611162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2516414                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          385374550                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         298286263                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2983515                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              16549987                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         102618693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           126449516                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    102618693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.541075                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.541075                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393534                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393534                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      624928336                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     192362699                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     140395440                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        35254                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20195678                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16526424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1968584                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8324667                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7947094                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2083726                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89655                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194281847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            112951060                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20195678                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10030820                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23573935                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5381325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     10578528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11886210                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1970388                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    231821418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      208247483     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1099872      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1744933      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2361210      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2431447      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2056924      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1155471      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1708001      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11016077      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    231821418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.433158                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      192281990                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     12595421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23530125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        27142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3386737                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3322884                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    138594278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1949                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3386737                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      192812272                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1745777                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      9625095                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23033040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1218494                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    138542518                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       179396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       523665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    193293596                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    644545015                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    644545015                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    167530848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25762740                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        34215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17746                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3598504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12965687                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7026420                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82971                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1679593                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        138368918                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34342                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       131363504                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15360823                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36813716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231821418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176239867     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22852381      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11571091      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8736700      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6869440      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2783756      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1736774      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       909615      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121794      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231821418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25124     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82128     37.41%     48.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112298     51.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110483288     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1964079      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16466      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11894871      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7004800      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    131363504                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.503768                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            219550                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494785857                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153764611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129405718                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    131583054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       269226                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2082486                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          531                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102965                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3386737                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1451806                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118756                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138403397                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12965687                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7026420                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17749                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100105                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          531                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143417                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1111001                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2254418                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129563499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11196461                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1800005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18200993                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18408654                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7004532                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.496865                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            129405938                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           129405718                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        74290942                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       200210911                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.496260                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371063                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97659503                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    120168448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18234961                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33215                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1993490                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228434681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179131850     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24440793     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9228545      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4401959      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3712412      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2125395      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1860190      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       841371      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2692166      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228434681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     97659503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    120168448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             17806655                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10883200                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16570                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17328337                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       108270388                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2474487                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2692166                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          364145248                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         280193618                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2942556                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              28940418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          97659503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           120168448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     97659503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.670112                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.670112                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.374516                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.374516                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      583121915                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     180253452                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     128479102                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              260761836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20213902                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16538187                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1968057                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8337132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7955482                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2087760                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89861                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194509830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            113054717                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20213902                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10043242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23592965                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5374488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     10424862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11896650                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1969831                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    231908408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      208315443     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1098455      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1744351      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2365070      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2432413      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2060870      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1159574      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1711900      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11020332      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    231908408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077519                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433555                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      192511811                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     12440057                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23549125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        27032                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3380380                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3328828                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    138712177                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1949                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3380380                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      193040377                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1752639                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      9462625                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23053569                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1218815                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    138661677                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       179474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       523741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    193464784                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    645097188                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    645097188                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    167768237                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25696534                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        34361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17867                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3599847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12969647                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7035585                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82773                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1730765                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        138495132                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34487                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       131516572                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18009                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15307748                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36687714                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1225                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231908408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176221979     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22926222      9.89%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11595229      5.00%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8738886      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6870654      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2785182      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737783      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911774      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120699      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231908408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25398     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80344     36.89%     48.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112057     51.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110608659     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966206      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16490      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11911657      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7013560      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    131516572                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.504355                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217799                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495177360                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153837902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129560644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    131734371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268942                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2071024                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          537                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102313                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3380380                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1458369                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118818                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138529760                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        34639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12969647                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7035585                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17871                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100225                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          537                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143073                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108150                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2251223                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129717766                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11210369                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1798806                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18223663                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18432309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7013294                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.497457                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            129560857                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           129560644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        74369106                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       200397150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.496854                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97797968                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    120338797                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18190982                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1993005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228528028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179124249     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24505286     10.72%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9237731      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4411588      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3734095      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131080      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1848603      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       843281      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2692115      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228528028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     97797968                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    120338797                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17831895                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10898623                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16594                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17352896                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       108423884                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2477995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2692115                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          364365016                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         280439991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2943357                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              28853428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          97797968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           120338797                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     97797968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.666332                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.666332                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.375047                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.375047                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      583828028                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     180465926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     128602525                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        33232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        33590                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.931860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         198659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        35638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         5.574359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.638765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.952606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1836.969327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         205.371161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.896958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.100279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 39400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12520                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               12520                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  39432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39431                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 39432                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               33553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                33590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33545                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               33590                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94382345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31921503655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32015886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     56877344                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     56877344                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94382345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31978380999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    32072763344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94382345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31978380999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   32072763344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12520                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           12520                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.536232                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.536232                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2097385.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 952653.206846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954188.477930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1537225.513514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1537225.513514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2097385.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 953297.987748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954830.703900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2097385.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 953297.987748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954830.703900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           33590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          33590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90431345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  28979062819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29069494164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     53628744                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53628744                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90431345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29032691563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29123122908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90431345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29032691563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29123122908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.536232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2009585.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 864840.122329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866375.410962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1449425.513514                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1449425.513514                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2009585.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 865484.917663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867017.651325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2009585.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 865484.917663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867017.651325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        17778                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.840945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         150844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        19826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         7.608393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.240564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.690594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1665.548441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         350.361346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.813256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.171075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        33675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 33676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6075                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                6075                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        33742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  33743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        33742                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 33743                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               17777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                17777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17742                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               17777                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45842369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14224699790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14270542159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45842369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14224699790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    14270542159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45842369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14224699790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   14270542159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        51417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             51453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6075                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            6075                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        51484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              51520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        51484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             51520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1309781.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 801752.890880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 802753.116893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1309781.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 801752.890880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 802753.116893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1309781.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 801752.890880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 802753.116893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2375                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2375                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           17777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          17777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42768559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12666400727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12709169286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42768559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12666400727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12709169286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42768559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12666400727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12709169286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1221958.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 713921.808533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714922.050177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1221958.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 713921.808533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714922.050177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1221958.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 713921.808533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714922.050177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        11614                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.458583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         187660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        13662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        13.735910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.976766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     5.106084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1509.692414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         505.683319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.737154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.246916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 28061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                8966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  28209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28207                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 28209                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               11610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                11610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11568                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               11610                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83695934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9414536616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9498232550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83695934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9414536616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     9498232550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83695934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9414536616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    9498232550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             39671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            8966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              39819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             39819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1992760.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813843.068465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818107.885444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1992760.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813843.068465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818107.885444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1992760.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 813843.068465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818107.885444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5083                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5083                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           11609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          11609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80008334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8397556612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8477564946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80008334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8397556612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8477564946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80008334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8397556612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8477564946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1904960.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725992.617965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730257.984839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1904960.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725992.617965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730257.984839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1904960.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725992.617965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730257.984839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        33708                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.930664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         198651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        35756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.555739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.643358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     1.792563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1839.168050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         203.326693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.898031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.099281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        39460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 39461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12449                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               12449                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        39494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  39495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        39494                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 39495                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               33673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                33708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33666                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               33708                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72364949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31782847504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31855212453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     53331378                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     53331378                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72364949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31836178882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    31908543831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72364949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  31836178882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   31908543831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             73134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12449                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           12449                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              73203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        73160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             73203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.507246                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.507246                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1722974.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945046.162885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946016.465803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1523753.657143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1523753.657143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1722974.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945647.801402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946616.347188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1722974.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945647.801402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946616.347188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5294                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5294                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           33708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          33708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68676591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28829476925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28898153516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     50258378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50258378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68676591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28879735303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28948411894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68676591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28879735303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28948411894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.507246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.507246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.460169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1635156.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857229.250543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858199.552045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1435953.657143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1435953.657143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1635156.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857830.906642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858799.450991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1635156.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857830.906642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858799.450991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         8458                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.247388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         210025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        10506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        19.990958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.184764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.932518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1386.292296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         616.837810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.676901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.301190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 27440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8536                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                8536                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  27647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27645                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 27647                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                8457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 8457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8418                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                8457                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6803978831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6920793726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6803978831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     6920793726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6803978831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    6920793726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             35897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            8536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              36104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             36104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.234772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808265.482419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818350.919475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808265.482419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818350.919475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808265.482419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818350.919475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               4413                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    4413                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            8457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           8457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6064797255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6178187950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6064797255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6178187950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6064797255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6178187950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.234772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 720455.839273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730541.320799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 720455.839273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730541.320799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 720455.839273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730541.320799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        11626                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.441682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         187673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        13674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        13.724806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.954535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     5.102566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1509.833198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         505.551383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.737223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.246851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 28069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  28222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28220                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 28222                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               11622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                11622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11580                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               11622                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9394989031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9481537230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9394989031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     9481537230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9394989031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    9481537230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             39691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              39844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             39844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811311.660708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815826.641714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811311.660708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815826.641714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811311.660708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815826.641714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           11621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          11621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8376983378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8459843977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8376983378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8459843977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8376983378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8459843977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723463.457812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727979.001549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723463.457812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727979.001549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723463.457812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727979.001549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        28737                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.596594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         156486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        30785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.083190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.687804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     4.215555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1649.734236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         381.958999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.805534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.186503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 35628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  35719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35718                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 35719                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               28701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                28729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28691                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               28729                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65052241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26613992526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26679044767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23492234                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23492234                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65052241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26637484760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    26702537001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65052241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26637484760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   26702537001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             64329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              64448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             64448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.446160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1711901.078947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 928513.851516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 929551.052820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 839008.357143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 839008.357143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1711901.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 928426.501690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 929462.807651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1711901.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 928426.501690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 929462.807651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4312                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4312                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           28729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          28729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61715712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24096702494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24158418206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21033331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21033331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61715712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24117735825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24179451537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61715712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24117735825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24179451537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1624097.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 840690.175278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841727.403435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 751190.392857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751190.392857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1624097.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 840602.831027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841639.163807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1624097.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 840602.831027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841639.163807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        33662                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.930142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         198771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        35710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.566256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.798464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     1.953449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1837.306605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         204.871624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.897122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.100035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        39492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 39493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12539                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               12539                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        39525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  39526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        39525                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 39526                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               33625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                33662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33620                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               33662                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92111621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31768708292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31860819913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     51116330                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     51116330                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92111621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31819824622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    31911936243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92111621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31819824622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   31911936243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             73118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12539                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           12539                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              73188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             73188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.528571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.528571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2193133.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945975.889349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947533.677710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1381522.432432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1381522.432432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2193133.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946455.223736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948010.701771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2193133.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946455.223736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948010.701771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5296                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5296                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           33662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        33620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          33662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88423112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28819858205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28908281317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     47867660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47867660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88423112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28867725865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28956148977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88423112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28867725865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28956148977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.528571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2105312.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858168.067326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859725.838424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1293720.540541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1293720.540541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2105312.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858647.408239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860202.869021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2105312.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858647.408239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860202.869021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        17874                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.515985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         224292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        19922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        11.258508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.096387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.870699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1652.019714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         360.529185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.806650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.176040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 33626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               18418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  33770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33769                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 33770                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               17860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                17866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17829                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               17866                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61546483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15141529850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15203076333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5371913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5371913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61546483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15146901763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    15208448246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61546483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15146901763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   15208448246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        51448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             51486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           18418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        51598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              51636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        51598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             51636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1663418.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 849550.011221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851236.076876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 895318.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895318.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1663418.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 849565.413820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851250.881339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1663418.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 849565.413820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851250.881339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               9704                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    9704                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           17866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          17866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58297883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13576363308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13634661191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4845113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4845113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58297883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13581208421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13639506304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58297883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13581208421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13639506304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1575618.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 761732.778320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763418.879675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807518.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807518.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1575618.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 761748.186718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763433.689914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1575618.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 761748.186718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763433.689914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        17758                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.839475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         150858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        19806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         7.616783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.786453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.910721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1664.356718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         350.785583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.812674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.171282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 33661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6104                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                6104                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  33726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33725                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 33726                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               17758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                17758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17722                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               17758                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81133228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14262152081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14343285309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81133228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14262152081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    14343285309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81133228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14262152081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   14343285309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        51382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             51419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6104                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            6104                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        51447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              51484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        51447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             51484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2253700.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 804771.023643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807708.374198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2253700.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 804771.023643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807708.374198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2253700.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 804771.023643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807708.374198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               2375                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    2375                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           17758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          17758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77958928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12703543856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12781502784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77958928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12703543856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12781502784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77958928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12703543856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12781502784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2165525.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 716823.375240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719760.264895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2165525.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 716823.375240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719760.264895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2165525.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 716823.375240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719760.264895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        17874                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.497183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         224397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        19922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        11.263779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.224807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.951765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1654.110538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         358.210073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.807671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.174907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 33743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18408                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               18408                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  33888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33887                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 33888                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               17858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                17867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17831                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               17867                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70707053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14987522604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15058229657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7538046                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7538046                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70707053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14995060650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    15065767703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70707053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14995060650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   15065767703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             51601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18408                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           18408                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              51755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             51755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1964084.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840956.267759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843220.386213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 837560.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837560.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1964084.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840954.553867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843217.535289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1964084.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840954.553867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843217.535289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               9710                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    9710                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           17867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          17867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67546253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13422580203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13490126456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6746980                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6746980                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67546253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13429327183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13496873436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67546253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13429327183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13496873436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1876284.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 753146.684042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755410.821817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 749664.444444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749664.444444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1876284.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 753144.926420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755407.927240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1876284.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 753144.926420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755407.927240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        17802                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.843414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         150878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        19850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         7.600907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.239504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.753267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1665.052270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         350.798373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.813014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.171288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 33704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                6081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  33772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33771                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 33772                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               17802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                17802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17766                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               17802                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63436445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14187169912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14250606357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63436445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14187169912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    14250606357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63436445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14187169912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   14250606357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             51506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            6081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              51574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             51574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1762123.472222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798557.351796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800505.918268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1762123.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798557.351796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 800505.918268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1762123.472222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798557.351796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 800505.918268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2380                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2380                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           17802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          17802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60275645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12626947471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12687223116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60275645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12626947471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12687223116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60275645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12626947471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12687223116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1674323.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710736.658280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712685.266599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1674323.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710736.658280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712685.266599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1674323.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710736.658280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712685.266599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        28691                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.594905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         156450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        30739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.089626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.703642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     4.412074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1648.857200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         382.621988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.805106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.186827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 35601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7589                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                7589                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  35692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35691                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 35692                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               28654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                28683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28644                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               28683                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47592322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26659248437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26706840759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     27442678                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27442678                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47592322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26686691115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    26734283437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47592322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26686691115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   26734283437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        64215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             64255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7589                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            7589                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        64335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              64375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        64335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             64375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.445612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.445232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.445232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1220315.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 931652.924585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932045.814162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 946299.241379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946299.241379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1220315.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 931667.752933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932060.225116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1220315.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 931667.752933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932060.225116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4314                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4314                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           28683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          28683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     44167813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24146263988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24190431801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24894946                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24894946                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     44167813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24171158934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24215326747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     44167813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24171158934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24215326747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.445612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.445232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.445232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1132508.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 843832.395177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844225.301912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 858446.413793                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858446.413793                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1132508.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 843847.190825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844239.680194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1132508.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 843847.190825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844239.680194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         8463                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.249269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         210143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        10511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        19.992674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.184662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.999044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1386.193402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         616.872161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.676852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.301207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 27529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8565                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8565                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  27736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27734                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 27736                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                8462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 8462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8422                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                8462                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111272156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6764385622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6875657778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111272156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6764385622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     6875657778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111272156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6764385622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    6875657778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        35949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             35991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8565                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8565                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              36198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             36198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.234276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2781803.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803180.434814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 812533.417395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2781803.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803180.434814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 812533.417395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2781803.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 803180.434814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 812533.417395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            8462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           8462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107759669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6024764909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6132524578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107759669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6024764909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6132524578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107759669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6024764909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6132524578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.234276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2693991.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715360.354904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724713.374852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2693991.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715360.354904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724713.374852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2693991.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 715360.354904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724713.374852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        11603                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.449974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         187627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        13651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        13.744561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.965254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     5.063974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1510.367968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         505.052778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.737484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.246608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 28033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  28184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28182                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 28184                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               11599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                11599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11558                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               11599                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67273528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9502686870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9569960398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67273528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9502686870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     9569960398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67273528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9502686870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    9569960398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        39589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             39632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        39740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              39783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        39740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             39783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1640817.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 822173.980793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825067.712561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1640817.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 822173.980793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825067.712561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1640817.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 822173.980793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825067.712561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           11598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          11598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63673728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8487349088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8551022816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63673728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8487349088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8551022816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63673728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8487349088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8551022816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1553017.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 734390.333824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737284.257286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1553017.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 734390.333824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737284.257286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1553017.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 734390.333824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737284.257286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        11623                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.436160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         187670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        13671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        13.727599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.949401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     5.102231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1509.852881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         505.531646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.737233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.246842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 28066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  28220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28218                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 28220                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               11619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                11619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11577                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               11619                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79819901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9399355389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9479175290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79819901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9399355389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     9479175290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79819901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9399355389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    9479175290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             39685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              39839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             39839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1900473.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 811899.057528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815834.003787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1900473.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 811899.057528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815834.003787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1900473.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 811899.057528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815834.003787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5086                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5086                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           11618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          11618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76131640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8382246141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8458377781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76131640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8382246141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8458377781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76131640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8382246141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8458377781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1812658.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724105.575415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728040.779910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1812658.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724105.575415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728040.779910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1812658.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724105.575415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728040.779910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              581.966988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010712412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1715980.325976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.576347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.390641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.866011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10704522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10704522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10704522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10704522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10704522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10704522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143895926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143895926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143895926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143895926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143895926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143895926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10704590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10704590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10704590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10704590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10704590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10704590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2116116.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2116116.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2116116.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2116116.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2116116.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2116116.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94821915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94821915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94821915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94821915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94821915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94821915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2061345.978261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2061345.978261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2061345.978261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2061345.978261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2061345.978261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2061345.978261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432109451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5900.555099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.883040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.116960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27994976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27994976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43324850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43324850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       266729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       267006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       267006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       267006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       267006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132371820226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132371820226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    209430645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    209430645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132581250871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132581250871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132581250871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132581250871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28261705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28261705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43591856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43591856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43591856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43591856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496278.320790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496278.320790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 756067.310469                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 756067.310469                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496547.833648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496547.833648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496547.833648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496547.833648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       194030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       194030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34890216552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34890216552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     59337048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59337048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34949553600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34949553600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34949553600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34949553600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 478557.841524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478557.841524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 859957.217391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859957.217391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 478918.460864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478918.460864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 478918.460864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478918.460864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.990306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              899245410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1597238.738899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.755402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.234903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.054095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11429563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11429563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11429563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11429563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11429563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11429563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54394705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54394705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54394705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54394705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54394705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54394705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11429611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11429611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11429611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11429611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11429611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11429611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1133223.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1133223.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1133223.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1133223.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1133223.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1133223.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46210232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46210232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46210232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46210232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46210232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46210232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1283617.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1283617.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1283617.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1283617.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1283617.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1283617.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                51484                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              217465458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                51740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4203.043255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   200.286170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    55.713830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.782368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.217632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16811353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16811353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3227746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3227746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7637                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7637                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20039099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       20039099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20039099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      20039099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       181981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       182286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       182286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       182286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       182286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  82209623655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82209623655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     26103935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26103935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  82235727590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82235727590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  82235727590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82235727590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16993334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16993334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3228051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3228051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7637                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7637                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20221385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20221385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20221385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20221385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 451748.389420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451748.389420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85586.672131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85586.672131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 451135.729513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451135.729513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 451135.729513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451135.729513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       130564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       130802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       130802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        51417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        51484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        51484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16579429343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16579429343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4339436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4339436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16583768779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16583768779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16583768779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16583768779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 322450.344108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322450.344108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64767.701493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64767.701493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 322115.002311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322115.002311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 322115.002311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322115.002311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.115771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              982347486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1892769.722543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    43.115771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.069096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11897124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11897124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11897124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11897124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11897124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11897124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96614431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96614431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96614431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96614431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96614431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96614431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11897175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11897175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11897175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11897175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11897175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11897175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1894400.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1894400.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1894400.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1894400.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1894400.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1894400.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84203687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84203687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84203687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84203687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84203687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84203687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1913720.159091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913720.159091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1913720.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913720.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1913720.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913720.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                39775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              161736352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                40031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4040.277585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.856429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.143571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8193158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8193158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6897503                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6897503                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16608                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16608                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15090661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15090661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15090661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15090661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       127188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       128056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       128056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       128056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       128056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  42439008389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42439008389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     73244256                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73244256                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  42512252645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42512252645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  42512252645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42512252645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8320346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8320346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6898371                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6898371                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15218717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15218717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15218717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15218717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 333671.481500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333671.481500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84382.783410                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84382.783410                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331981.731781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331981.731781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331981.731781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331981.731781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        87561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11338959196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11338959196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9555641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9555641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11348514837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11348514837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11348514837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11348514837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 286142.256441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286142.256441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64565.141892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64565.141892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 285317.783457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285317.783457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 285317.783457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285317.783457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              580.365903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1010728830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1724793.225256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.933982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   540.431921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.063997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.866077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10720940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10720940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10720940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10720940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10720940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10720940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95414952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95414952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95414952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95414952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95414952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95414952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10721002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10721002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10721002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10721002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10721002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10721002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1538950.838710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1538950.838710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1538950.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1538950.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1538950.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1538950.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72794082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72794082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72794082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72794082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72794082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72794082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1692885.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1692885.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1692885.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1692885.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1692885.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1692885.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                73160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              432210424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                73416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5887.142094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.883002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.116998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     28058096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28058096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15367704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15367704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43425800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       43425800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43425800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      43425800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       268174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       268174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       268456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       268456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       268456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       268456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131912028247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 131912028247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    205725684                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    205725684                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132117753931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132117753931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132117753931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132117753931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     28326270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28326270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15367986                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15367986                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43694256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43694256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43694256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43694256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 491889.699400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491889.699400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 729523.702128                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 729523.702128                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492139.322388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492139.322388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 492139.322388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492139.322388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           12449                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       195083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       195296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       195296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        73091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        73160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        73160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34756306438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34756306438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     55873223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55873223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34812179661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34812179661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  34812179661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34812179661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475521.014051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475521.014051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 809756.855072                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809756.855072                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475836.244683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475836.244683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 475836.244683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475836.244683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.506732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              985809015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1987518.175403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    40.506732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.064915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12225454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12225454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12225454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12225454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12225454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12225454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12225510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12225510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12225510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12225510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12225510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12225510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2399686                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 479937.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                36063                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              159771370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                36319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4399.112586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.414310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.585690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9747186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9747186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7243368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7243368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16990554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16990554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16990554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16990554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        92823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        94909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        94909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        94909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        94909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20753074105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20753074105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134308337                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134308337                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20887382442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20887382442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20887382442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20887382442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9840009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9840009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7245454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7245454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17085463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17085463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17085463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17085463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 223576.851696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223576.851696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64385.588207                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64385.588207                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220077.995153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220077.995153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220077.995153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220077.995153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     6.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8536                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8536                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        56967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        58846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        58846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        35856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8658590107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8658590107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15052690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15052690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8673642797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8673642797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8673642797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8673642797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 241482.321146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241482.321146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72718.309179                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72718.309179                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240513.623298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240513.623298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240513.623298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240513.623298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.115710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              982348340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1892771.368015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    43.115710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.069096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11897978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11897978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11897978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11897978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11897978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11897978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11898029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11898029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11898029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11898029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11898029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11898029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                39800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              161745481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                40056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4037.983848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.855986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.144014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8198507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8198507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6901288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6901288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15099795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15099795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15099795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15099795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       127346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       128254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       128254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42363254242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42363254242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     76861264                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76861264                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42440115506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42440115506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42440115506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42440115506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8325853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8325853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6902196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6902196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15228049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15228049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15228049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15228049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 332662.621849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332662.621849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84648.969163                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84648.969163                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 330906.759290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 330906.759290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 330906.759290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 330906.759290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        87699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88454                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88454                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11319888769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11319888769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9890438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9890438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11329779207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11329779207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11329779207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11329779207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 285516.905920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285516.905920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64643.385621                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64643.385621                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284667.819271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284667.819271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284667.819271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284667.819271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.017638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              987036415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1865853.336484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.017638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10932900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10932900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10932900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10932900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10932900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10932900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107735976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107735976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107735976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107735976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107735976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107735976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10932961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10932961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10932961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10932961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10932961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10932961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1766163.540984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1766163.540984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1766163.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1766163.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1766163.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1766163.540984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65458926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65458926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65458926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65458926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65458926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65458926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1678434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1678434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1678434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1678434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1678434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1678434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                64409                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              175186661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                64665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2709.141901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.291440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.708560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7570498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7570498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6271788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6271788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13842286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13842286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13842286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13842286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       168186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       169064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       169064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       169064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       169064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  74196261322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74196261322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    348791850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    348791850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  74545053172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74545053172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  74545053172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74545053172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7738684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7738684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6272666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6272666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14011350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14011350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14011350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14011350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 441155.989928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441155.989928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 397257.232346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397257.232346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440928.010529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440928.010529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 440928.010529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440928.010529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       333275                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 166637.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       103896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       104655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       104655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29191129741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29191129741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     29600008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29600008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29220729749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29220729749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29220729749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29220729749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454053.970151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454053.970151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 248739.563025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248739.563025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453674.637846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453674.637846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453674.637846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453674.637846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              580.146547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1010726539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1724789.315700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.671509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.475037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.063576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.866146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10718649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10718649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10718649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10718649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10718649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10718649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    131856554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131856554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    131856554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131856554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    131856554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131856554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10718707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10718707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10718707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10718707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10718707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10718707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2273388.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2273388.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2273388.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2273388.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2273388.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2273388.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        93946                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        93946                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92526454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92526454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92526454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92526454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92526454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92526454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2151778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2151778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2151778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2151778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2151778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2151778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                73145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              432215326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                73401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5888.411956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.883922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.116078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     28063116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28063116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15367512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15367512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7973                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7973                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     43430628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       43430628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     43430628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      43430628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       268115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       268115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       268389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       268389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       268389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       268389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131760845751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 131760845751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    190364534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    190364534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131951210285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 131951210285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 131951210285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 131951210285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     28331231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28331231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15367786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15367786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7973                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7973                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     43699017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43699017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     43699017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43699017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491434.070272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491434.070272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 694761.072993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 694761.072993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491641.648074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491641.648074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491641.648074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491641.648074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           12539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       195040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       195244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       195244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        73075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        73145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        73145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34744388666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34744388666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     53618674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53618674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34798007340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34798007340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34798007340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34798007340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475462.041273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475462.041273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 765981.057143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765981.057143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475740.068904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475740.068904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475740.068904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475740.068904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.448204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              982955341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1890298.732692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.448204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.058411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11276000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11276000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11276000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11276000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11276000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11276000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93755518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93755518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93755518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93755518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     93755518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93755518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11276056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11276056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11276056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11276056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11276056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11276056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1674205.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1674205.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1674205.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1674205.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1674205.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1674205.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61949791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61949791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61949791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61949791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61949791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61949791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1630257.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1630257.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1630257.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1630257.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1630257.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1630257.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                51598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167101079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                51854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3222.530162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.189693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.810307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7950520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7950520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6722776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6722776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14673296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14673296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14673296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14673296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       176282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5517                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5517                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       181799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       181799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       181799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       181799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  74290623877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74290623877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3548291540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3548291540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  77838915417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77838915417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  77838915417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77838915417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8126802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8126802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6728293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6728293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16416                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14855095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14855095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14855095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14855095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 421430.570773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421430.570773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 643155.979699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 643155.979699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 428159.205590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428159.205590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 428159.205590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428159.205590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     38198782                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            82                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 465838.804878                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       124834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       124834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       130201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       130201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        51448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        51598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        51598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17499673519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17499673519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14756674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14756674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17514430193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17514430193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17514430193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17514430193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340142.931095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340142.931095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98377.826667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98377.826667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339440.098318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339440.098318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339440.098318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339440.098318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              560.856267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              899236874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1594391.620567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.704577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.151690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.057219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11421027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11421027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11421027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11421027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11421027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11421027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111941964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111941964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111941964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111941964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111941964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111941964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11421076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11421076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11421076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11421076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11421076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11421076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2284529.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2284529.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2284529.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2284529.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2284529.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2284529.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        62900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        62900                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81512151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81512151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81512151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81512151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81512151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81512151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2203031.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203031.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2203031.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203031.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2203031.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203031.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                51446                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              217451068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                51702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4205.854087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   200.334731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    55.665269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.782558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.217442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16798705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16798705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3226009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3226009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7569                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7569                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20024714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       20024714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20024714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      20024714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       181818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       182107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       182107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       182107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       182107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  82583900032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82583900032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24802530                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24802530                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  82608702562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82608702562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  82608702562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82608702562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16980523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16980523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3226298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3226298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7569                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7569                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20206821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20206821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20206821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20206821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454211.904388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454211.904388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85821.903114                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85821.903114                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453627.277161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453627.277161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453627.277161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453627.277161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6104                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       130436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       130660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       130660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        51382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        51447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        51447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16615706181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16615706181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4201843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4201843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16619908024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16619908024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16619908024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16619908024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 323376.010685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323376.010685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64643.738462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64643.738462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 323049.118977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323049.118977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 323049.118977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323049.118977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              518.213104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              982968040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1893965.394990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.213104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.058034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11288699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11288699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11288699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11288699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11288699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11288699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109126723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109126723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109126723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109126723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109126723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109126723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11288756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11288756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11288756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11288756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11288756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11288756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914503.912281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914503.912281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914503.912281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71096623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71096623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71096623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71096623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71096623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71096623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921530.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921530.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921530.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                51718                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              167122325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                51974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3215.498615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.040206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.959794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7960329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7960329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6734014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6734014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16589                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16589                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14694343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14694343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14694343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14694343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       176624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       182180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       182180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  73909376275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73909376275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3367991001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3367991001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  77277367276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77277367276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  77277367276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77277367276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8136953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8136953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6739570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6739570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16589                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16589                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14876523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14876523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14876523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14876523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418456.021124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418456.021124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 606189.884989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 606189.884989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 424181.399034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424181.399034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 424181.399034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424181.399034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     38004937                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets            89                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 427021.764045                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           18408                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       125060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       130462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       130462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17353731945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17353731945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17014188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17014188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17370746133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17370746133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  17370746133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17370746133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336547.435129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336547.435129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110481.740260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110481.740260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335874.282320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335874.282320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335874.282320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335874.282320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              560.382846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              899250827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1594416.359929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.147454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.235393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.056326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11434980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11434980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11434980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11434980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11434980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11434980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96003579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96003579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96003579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96003579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96003579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96003579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11435031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11435031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11435031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11435031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11435031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11435031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1882423.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1882423.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1882423.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1882423.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1882423.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1882423.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63823124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63823124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63823124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63823124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63823124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63823124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1724949.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1724949.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1724949.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1724949.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1724949.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1724949.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                51536                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              217474299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                51792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4198.994034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   200.280160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    55.719840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.782344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.217656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16819333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16819333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3228605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3228605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20047938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       20047938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20047938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      20047938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       181948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       182261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       182261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  81937948674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81937948674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     27010898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27010898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  81964959572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81964959572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  81964959572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81964959572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17001281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17001281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3228918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3228918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7576                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7576                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20230199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20230199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20230199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20230199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450337.176963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450337.176963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86296.798722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86296.798722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449712.004060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449712.004060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449712.004060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449712.004060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130724                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130724                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16544010066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16544010066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4422873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4422873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16548432939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16548432939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16548432939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16548432939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321436.399891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321436.399891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65042.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65042.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321098.103091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321098.103091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321098.103091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321098.103091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.411231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              987030162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1862321.060377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.411231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10926647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10926647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10926647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10926647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10926647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10926647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74860283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74860283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74860283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74860283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74860283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74860283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10926711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10926711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10926711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10926711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10926711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10926711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1169691.921875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1169691.921875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1169691.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1169691.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1169691.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1169691.921875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47984921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47984921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47984921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47984921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47984921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47984921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1199623.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1199623.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1199623.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1199623.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1199623.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1199623.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                64335                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              175180669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                64591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2712.152916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.289883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.710117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.915195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.084805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7569242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7569242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6267151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6267151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18029                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18029                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13836393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       13836393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13836393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      13836393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       167297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       168240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       168240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       168240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       168240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  73586053905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73586053905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    376042076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    376042076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  73962095981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73962095981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  73962095981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73962095981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7736539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7736539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6268094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6268094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18029                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18029                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        14622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14004633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14004633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14004633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14004633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 439852.800140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439852.800140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 398772.084836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 398772.084836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 439622.539117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439622.539117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 439622.539117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439622.539117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       666797                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 166699.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       103082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       103905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       103905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        64215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        64335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        64335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29235106611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29235106611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33560543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33560543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29268667154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29268667154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29268667154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29268667154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455269.121093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455269.121093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 279671.191667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279671.191667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454941.589399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454941.589399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454941.589399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454941.589399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.355920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              985813353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1983527.873239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    41.355920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.066276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12229792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12229792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12229792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12229792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12229792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12229792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164500680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164500680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164500680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164500680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164500680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164500680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12229850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12229850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12229850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12229850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12229850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12229850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2836218.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2836218.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2836218.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2836218.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2836218.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2836218.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1759007                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351801.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111750105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111750105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111750105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111750105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111750105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111750105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2660716.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2660716.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2660716.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2660716.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2660716.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2660716.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                36156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              159786782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                36412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4388.300066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.414606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.585394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9759041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9759041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7247135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7247135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17006176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17006176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17006176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17006176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        95036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        95036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        95036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        95036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20712796101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20712796101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    134259440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134259440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20847055541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20847055541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20847055541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20847055541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9851991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9851991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7249221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7249221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17101212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17101212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17101212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17101212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 222838.043045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222838.043045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64362.147651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64362.147651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 219359.564176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219359.564176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 219359.564176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219359.564176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    11.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        57001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        35949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8625036709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8625036709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15037903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15037903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8640074612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8640074612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8640074612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8640074612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 239924.245709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239924.245709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72646.874396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72646.874396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 238966.550835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238966.550835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 238966.550835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238966.550835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.098424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              982336521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1896402.550193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    42.098424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11886159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11886159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11886159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11886159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11886159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11886159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76683907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76683907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76683907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76683907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76683907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76683907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11886210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11886210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11886210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11886210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11886210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11886210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1503606.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1503606.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1503606.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1503606.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1503606.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1503606.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67760847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67760847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67760847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67760847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67760847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67760847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1575833.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575833.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1575833.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575833.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1575833.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575833.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                39740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              161722239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                39996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4043.460321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.859956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.140044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8185975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8185975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6890734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6890734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17620                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17620                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15076709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15076709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15076709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15076709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       127126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       128018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       128018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       128018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       128018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42609947697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42609947697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     75207546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75207546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42685155243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42685155243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  42685155243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42685155243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8313101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8313101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6891626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6891626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17620                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17620                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15204727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15204727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15204727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15204727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 335178.859533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335178.859533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84313.392377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84313.392377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333430.886618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333430.886618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333430.886618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333430.886618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        87537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        88278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        88278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        39589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        39740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        39740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11425148965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11425148965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9725813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9725813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11434874778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11434874778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11434874778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11434874778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 288594.027760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288594.027760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64409.357616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64409.357616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 287742.193709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287742.193709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 287742.193709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287742.193709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.116275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              982346961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1892768.710983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    43.116275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.069097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11896599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11896599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11896599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11896599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11896599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11896599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91512218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91512218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91512218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91512218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91512218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91512218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11896650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11896650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11896650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11896650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11896650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11896650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794357.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1794357.215686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794357.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1794357.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794357.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1794357.215686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80310052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80310052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80310052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80310052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80310052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80310052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1825228.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1825228.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1825228.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1825228.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1825228.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1825228.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                39795                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              161742459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                40051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4038.412499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.856495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.143505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8196303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8196303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6900480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6900480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15096783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15096783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15096783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15096783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       127190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       128106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       128106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42633915496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42633915496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77542917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77542917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42711458413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42711458413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42711458413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42711458413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8323493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8323493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6901396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6901396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15224889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15224889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15224889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15224889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335198.643730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335198.643730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84653.839520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84653.839520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333407.166042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333407.166042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333407.166042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333407.166042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        87549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88311                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88311                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11324015303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11324015303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9952832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9952832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11333968135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11333968135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11333968135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11333968135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 285664.218940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285664.218940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64628.779221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64628.779221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 284808.848725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284808.848725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 284808.848725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284808.848725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
