
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010628                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10627871334                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537729934242                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 424900                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   539314                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 280683                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67605124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37864.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16088539568                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20420727182                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       243328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       405376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       248192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       175616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       405504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       250368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       405248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       175488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       251648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       178432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       142720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       248832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       375296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       246272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       176384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4177024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1380992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1380992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       397446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22895272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       433577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     38142727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       373358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23352936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       469708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16524099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       433577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16620450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       469708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     38154771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       325183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     23557681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       433577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     38130684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       457665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     16512055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23678119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       481752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16789063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       397446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13428842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23413155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       421533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     35312434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       397446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23172279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       445621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16596362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               393025458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       397446                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       433577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       373358                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       469708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       433577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       469708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       325183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       433577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       457665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397446                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       481752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       397446                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       421533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       397446                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       445621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6744530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         129940602                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              129940602                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         129940602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       397446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22895272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       433577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     38142727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       373358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23352936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       469708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16524099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       433577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16620450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       469708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     38154771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       325183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     23557681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       433577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     38130684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       457665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     16512055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       397446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23678119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       481752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16789063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       397446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13428842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       409489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23413155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       421533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     35312434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       397446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23172279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       445621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16596362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              522966060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2070207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698914                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205469                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810242                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211687                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9070                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19814851                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11770810                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2070207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1021929                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2590616                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        581734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       650831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222291                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203871                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23429261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20838645     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         278963      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         327419      1.40%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178476      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207751      0.89%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         112695      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77132      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         198931      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1209249      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23429261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081228                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19653469                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       815672                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2569827                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19484                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       370803                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       334351                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2160                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14366058                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11374                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       370803                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19684362                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        253023                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       476541                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2559663                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        84863                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14356256                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19954506                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66853677                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66853677                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2928970                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          231472                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372243                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       746043                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19290                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164010                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14331737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13536932                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17181                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1796797                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4169747                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          496                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23429261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17720088     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2301186      9.82%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232444      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853435      3.64%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       745631      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       380258      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91516      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59981      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44722      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23429261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3334     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12510     42.89%     54.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13326     45.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11331865     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211684      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1251425      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       740300      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13536932                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531141                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29170                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50549475                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16132510                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13311894                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13566102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33862                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       243502                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15498                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       370803                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        205024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13836                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14335605                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372243                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       746043                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9804                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118865                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115398                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       234263                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13335765                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175814                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915849                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1866083                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           740035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523248                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13312171                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13311894                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7917872                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20730389                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522312                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2067044                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23058458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18045450     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324666     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974582      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584768      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405971      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261543      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136775      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109323      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215380      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23058458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       215380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37178741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29042285                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                305729                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2057242                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.548650                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.548650                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392365                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392365                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60167807                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18478517                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13409719                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1987676                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792968                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106375                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       744651                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707272                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21046176                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12507821                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1987676                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       816722                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2471419                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        334823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       476830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1210155                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106702                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24220278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21748859     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          87518      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         180743      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          74939      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         408928      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         365103      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          70709      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         148974      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1134505      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24220278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077989                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.490763                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20927258                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       597338                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2462401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7673                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       225603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       174880                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14668622                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1531                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       225603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20949761                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        421333                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       108179                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2449005                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        66390                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14660091                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        27300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        24692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          169                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17223758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     69045652                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     69045652                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15235255                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1988497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1706                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          866                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          172312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3455634                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1746253                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15789                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        85222                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14628855                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1712                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14051732                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7598                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1152636                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2775392                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24220278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19232071     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489597      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1227478      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529382      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       673338      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650702      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370180      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29149      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18381      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24220278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35508     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277315     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8029      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8819296     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122733      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3366941     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1741922     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14051732                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.551340                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320852                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52652192                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15783562                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13929524                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14372584                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25335                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137784                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          360                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11527                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1246                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       225603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        384754                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18153                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14630582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3455634                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1746253                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          866                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12387                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          360                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60822                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63485                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       124307                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13951967                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3355226                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            5096987                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1826999                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1741761                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.547426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13930052                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13929524                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7525550                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14834486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.546545                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507301                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11306995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13287327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1344638                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       108463                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23994675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19178174     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1756823      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824466      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       814824      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221586      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       948593      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71085      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51711      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127413      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23994675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11306995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13287327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              5052568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3317847                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1754333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11815894                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       127413                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           38499188                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29489576                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                463117                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1266225                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11306995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13287327                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11306995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.254047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.254047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443646                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443646                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       68964080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16184367                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      17454383                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25486392                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1930267                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1728318                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154521                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1293351                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1274171                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112204                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4585                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20484206                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10978247                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1930267                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1386375                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2447004                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        510215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       306013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1239827                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151346                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23592091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21145087     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         378642      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         184680      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         373302      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         114179      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         346888      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          53067      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          86203      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         910043      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23592091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075737                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430749                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20217538                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       577690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2441964                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1990                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       352908                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       177725                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12238850                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       352908                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20247777                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        352101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       135155                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2414208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        89936                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12220156                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        73101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15971459                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     55320115                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     55320115                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12904290                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3067042                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          189623                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2242186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       347810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3091                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        79457                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12155148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1587                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11366124                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7394                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2227534                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4583016                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23592091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18604802     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555177      6.59%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1687854      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976435      4.14%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493104      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123974      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144453      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3406      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2886      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23592091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18641     57.44%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7601     23.42%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6213     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8888765     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86386      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2045641     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344548      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11366124                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.445968                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32455                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46364188                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14384300                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11074829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11398579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8966                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       459403                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9480                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       352908                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        231549                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10964                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12156745                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          582                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2242186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          799                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          247                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104047                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59812                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       163859                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11223482                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2017165                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2361683                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1708925                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           344518                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.440372                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11077668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11074829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6711133                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14466548                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.434539                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463907                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8836002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9912396                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2244742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       153365                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23239183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19569014     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1427994      6.14%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931530      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289571      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491349      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92990      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59038      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53521      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324176      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23239183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8836002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9912396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2121081                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1782751                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1524300                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8651528                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       120468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       324176                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35072119                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          24667545                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                458996                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1894301                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8836002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9912396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8836002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.884381                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.884381                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.346695                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.346695                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       52229710                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14392818                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13058497                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2106361                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1723122                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206496                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865239                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         827601                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217355                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20263393                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11779939                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2106361                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1044956                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2457921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        565203                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       460153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1240681                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206507                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23537487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21079566     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         114702      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         181776      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         246087      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         253018      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         214774      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         120073      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         178072      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1149419      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23537487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082646                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20058705                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       666935                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2453267                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2822                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       355756                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       346718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14451317                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       355756                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20114178                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        134819                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       406517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2401340                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       124875                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14444797                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        16815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        54520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20157416                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67196609                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67196609                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17450517                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2706899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3607                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1889                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          377290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1351967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       732532                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8661                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       228558                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14425695                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3621                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13691960                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1607184                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3856955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          155                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23537487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17701959     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2432535     10.33%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1223501      5.20%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       894226      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706445      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288881      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182692      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94576      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12672      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23537487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2844     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8416     36.97%     49.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11507     50.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11514090     84.09%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204394      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1716      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1241686      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730074      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13691960                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.537224                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22767                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50946169                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16036562                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13484456                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13714727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217976                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11107                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       355756                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        106667                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14429341                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1351967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732532                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1890                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10330                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119419                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116494                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       235913                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13501694                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1168158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190266                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1898180                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1918621                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           730022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529759                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13484578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13484456                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7741614                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20857563                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.529082                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371166                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10173141                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12518383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1910969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3466                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       208878                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23181731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18010343     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2581199     11.13%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958369      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457955      1.98%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406748      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222727      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180635      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87896      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275859      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23181731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10173141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12518383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1855416                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1133991                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1728                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1805319                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11278872                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       257839                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       275859                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37335146                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29214475                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                308453                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1949016                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10173141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12518383                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10173141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.505274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.505274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.399158                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.399158                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60768012                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18783118                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13398936                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3464                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2103842                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1721794                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206768                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       867932                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         827529                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9461                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20255187                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11764542                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2103842                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1044587                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2455996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        566107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       463910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1240481                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206982                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23531750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21075754     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         114722      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         182825      0.78%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         246129      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         252387      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         213753      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         120380      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         177836      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1147964      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23531750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082547                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461599                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20050477                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       670597                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2451495                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2789                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       356390                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       345765                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14435053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1554                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       356390                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20105805                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        135799                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       409469                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2399715                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       124570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14429313                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        16861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        54373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20136013                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     67125856                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     67125856                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17430267                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2705738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3480                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          375541                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1351702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       731231                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8694                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       227871                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14409097                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13676101                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2005                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1607129                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3857144                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           33                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23531750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17702207     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2431716     10.33%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1221124      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       892735      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705559      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288743      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182432      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94483      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12751      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23531750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2823     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8409     37.01%     49.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11490     50.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11500980     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204057      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1714      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1240500      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728850      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13676101                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536602                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22722                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50908679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16019778                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13467811                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13698823                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27421                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10648                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       356390                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        107481                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14412613                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6613                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1351702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731231                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10315                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       120132                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116094                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       236226                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13484772                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166151                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1894941                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1915908                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           728790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529095                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13467941                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13467811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7732601                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20836597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10161360                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12503883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1908734                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3459                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       209143                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23175360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18009656     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2578534     11.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957425      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457008      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406470      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222503      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180626      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87780      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275358      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23175360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10161360                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12503883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1853260                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1132677                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1803237                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11265797                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       257538                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       275358                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37312541                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29181644                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                308403                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1954753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10161360                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12503883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10161360                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.508178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.508178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398696                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398696                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60692404                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18761209                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13380871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3454                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1987792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1793385                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       745119                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707436                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109316                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21045070                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12508976                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1987792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       816752                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2471508                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        335194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       475366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1210029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     24218187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21746679     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          87572      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         180503      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          75108      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         409325      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         365273      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          70172      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         148866      0.61%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1134689      4.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     24218187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077994                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.490808                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20926720                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       595309                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2462469                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         7690                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       225994                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       174557                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14668671                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1508                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       225994                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20949134                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        418629                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       108738                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2449130                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        66555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14659857                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        27390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        24704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          290                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17223664                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     69044597                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     69044597                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15234096                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        1989545                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1746                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          905                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          172614                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3454652                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1746181                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15842                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        85005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14629385                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14050589                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7442                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1155148                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2782620                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24218187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19229714     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490191      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1227559      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529528      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672879      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650733      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369915      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29319      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18349      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24218187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35488     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277233     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8066      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8819044     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122745      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3366126     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1741834     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14050589                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.551295                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320787                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52647590                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15786651                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13928564                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14371376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137302                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          366                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11707                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1244                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       225994                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        382185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18086                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14631154                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3454652                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1746181                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          906                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          366                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60913                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63522                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       124435                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13950948                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3354569                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            5096195                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1826755                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1741626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.547386                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13929109                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13928564                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7525722                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14836768                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.546507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507235                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11305887                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13286066                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1346317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1696                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       108440                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23992193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19175976     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1756285      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824772      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       815169      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221427      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       948588      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70974      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51778      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127224      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23992193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11305887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13286066                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              5051813                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3317341                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1754181                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11814785                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       127224                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           38497313                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29490821                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                463131                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1268316                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11305887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13286066                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11305887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.254268                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.254268                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.443603                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.443603                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       68958575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16183356                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      17454849                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1694                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1930205                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1728347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153949                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1291729                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1274628                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112165                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4600                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20488600                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10977296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1930205                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1386793                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2446716                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        508685                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       305150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1239524                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150773                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23594364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21147648     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         379366      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         183946      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         373291      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         113927      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         347173      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          53102      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          86076      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         909835      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23594364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075734                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430710                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20221899                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       576862                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2441723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1936                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       351943                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       177680                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1955                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12236380                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4611                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       351943                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20252029                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        349764                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       136718                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2414069                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        89835                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12218066                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        73233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15966975                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     55304428                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     55304428                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12910616                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3056336                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1587                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          805                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          188811                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2242618                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       347799                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3150                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        79412                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12153694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1592                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11366819                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2220560                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4566489                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23594364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18605225     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556022      6.59%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1689111      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976849      4.14%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493340      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123482      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       143997      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3428      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2910      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23594364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18598     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7638     23.52%     80.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6234     19.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8888671     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86361      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2046495     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344508      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11366819                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.445994                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002857                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46367811                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14375887                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11077107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11399289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8695                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9436                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       351943                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        229095                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10979                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12155296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2242618                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347799                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4126                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          232                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59682                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       163184                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11225469                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2018746                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2363211                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1709649                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           344465                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.440448                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11079856                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11077107                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6712220                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14456645                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.434626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.464300                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8841192                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9917636                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2238144                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1582                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       152801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23242421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19569890     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1429240      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931989      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290027      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491325      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93046      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58920      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53585      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324399      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23242421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8841192                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9917636                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2122587                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1784224                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1525138                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8655950                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       120478                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       324399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35073776                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          24663758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                458674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1892139                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8841192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9917636                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8841192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.882700                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.882700                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.346897                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.346897                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       52240820                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14395216                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13059354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1580                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1986656                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792249                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106423                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       746757                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707084                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109345                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4673                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21042242                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12501897                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1986656                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       816429                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2470007                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        334706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       480125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1209920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106792                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     24218060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21748053     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          87495      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         179775      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          75107      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         409419      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         364945      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          70305      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         149282      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1133679      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     24218060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077949                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.490530                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20923583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       600369                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2460808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7856                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       225439                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       174588                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14661586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1516                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       225439                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20946150                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        423196                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       108489                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2447492                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        67287                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14653024                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        27592                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        24847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          488                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17216775                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     69012358                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     69012358                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15231276                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1985493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1704                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          864                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          173547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3453628                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1745206                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15738                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        85315                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14622299                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1710                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14046094                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7645                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1150674                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2771386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24218060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19231210     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489535      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1226928      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529995      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672512      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650410      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370069      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29002      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18399      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24218060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35506     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277188     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8036      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8816555     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122721      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3364979     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1740999     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14046094                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.551119                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320730                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52638623                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15775052                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13923632                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14366824                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25341                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137508                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          371                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11345                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1242                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       225439                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        386687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18163                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14624023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3453628                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1745206                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12354                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          371                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61025                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63476                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       124501                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13945983                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3353262                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            5094085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1826246                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1740823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.547191                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13924137                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13923632                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7523071                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14831964                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.546314                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507220                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11303189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13283002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1342381                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       108506                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23992621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19177623     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1755956      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824493      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       814723      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221450      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       948286      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71108      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51843      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127139      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23992621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11303189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13283002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              5049973                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3316117                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1753814                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11812088                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       127139                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38490826                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29476248                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                463195                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1268443                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11303189                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13283002                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11303189                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.254806                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.254806                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443497                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443497                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       68932934                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16179508                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      17445649                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2103038                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1721512                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207687                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       864385                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9422                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20259303                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11761255                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2103038                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1043259                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2454984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        568256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       458488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1241278                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207713                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23530656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21075672     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         114887      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         182752      0.78%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         245296      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         252340      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         214029      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         119843      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         177595      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1148242      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23530656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461470                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20054498                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       665343                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2450393                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       357617                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       345146                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14430655                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1551                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       357617                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20110075                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        135427                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       404366                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2398382                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       124787                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14424177                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        16700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        54571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     20129477                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     67102594                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     67102594                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17420319                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2709150                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3584                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1870                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          378107                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352180                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       730521                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8592                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       246333                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14404578                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13668957                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1609966                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3868709                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23530656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17689215     75.18%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2448502     10.41%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1226196      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       886582      3.77%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       702416      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       287934      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182279      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94947      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12585      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23530656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2824     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8392     36.99%     49.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11472     50.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11495495     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203923      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1713      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1239837      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       727989      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13668957                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536321                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22688                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50893236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16018200                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13460090                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13691645                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220148                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10351                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       357617                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        107149                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12288                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14408199                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352180                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       730521                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1870                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10370                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       120495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116803                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       237298                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13477318                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1165831                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1893752                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1914647                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           727921                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528802                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13460220                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13460090                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7729014                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20826320                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10155513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12496744                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1911461                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3456                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       210067                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23173039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17998410     77.67%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2588368     11.17%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956052      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       456738      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       413413      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222796      0.96%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       175761      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88148      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273353      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23173039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10155513                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12496744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1852202                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1132032                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1802226                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11259357                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       257398                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       273353                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37307813                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29174043                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                309214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1955847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10155513                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12496744                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10155513                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.509622                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.509622                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398466                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398466                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60660025                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18751216                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13376283                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2065762                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1694792                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205440                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       859389                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809687                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9215                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19813743                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11754016                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2065762                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1021586                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2587267                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        579990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       657528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1222353                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203987                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23429789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20842522     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         279207      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         326613      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         178308      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         207634      0.89%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         112381      0.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          77364      0.33%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         199201      0.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1206559      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23429789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081053                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461186                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19651167                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       823460                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2566663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19389                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       369104                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       334024                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2147                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14344583                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        11265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       369104                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19681810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        228670                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       508987                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2556640                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        84572                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14334980                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        21513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19928222                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     66759924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     66759924                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17020218                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2907997                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3840                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          228971                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1366667                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       745911                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19116                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       164019                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14311833                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3849                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13527084                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16067                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1780159                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4114120                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23429789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17723877     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2300634      9.82%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232201      5.26%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852270      3.64%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       744173      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       380243      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91891      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60015      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44485      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23429789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3276     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12306     42.72%     54.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13222     45.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11324577     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211791      1.57%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1249069      9.23%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       739989      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13527084                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530755                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28804                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002129                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50528828                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16095974                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13304180                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13555888                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34285                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238257                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15566                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       369104                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        180745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13564                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14315709                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5925                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1366667                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       745911                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9528                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114585                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       234163                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13326803                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1174220                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1913989                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1864356                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           739769                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13304433                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13304180                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7913191                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20714302                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382016                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9996952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12264932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2050872                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       206507                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23060685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18050024     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2323034     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974591      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584053      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405700      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       262029      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136554      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109312      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215388      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23060685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9996952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12264932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1858755                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1128410                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1755223                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11057472                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       249538                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       215388                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37161036                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29000728                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                306507                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2056714                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9996952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12264932                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9996952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.549427                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.549427                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392245                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392245                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60132465                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18467006                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13392366                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2104471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1722085                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206919                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865052                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826524                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217197                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9440                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20250610                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11768636                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2104471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1043721                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2455978                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        566801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       463692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1240238                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206947                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23527480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21071502     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         114715      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         182589      0.78%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         245496      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         252228      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         214223      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         120489      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         177148      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1149090      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23527480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461760                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20045595                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       670736                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2451417                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2793                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       356937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       345986                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14438879                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       356937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20101232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        136268                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       408552                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2399287                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       125202                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14432575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        16834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        54698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     20138109                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     67140346                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     67140346                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17428677                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2709428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3575                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1858                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          377728                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352248                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       731224                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8603                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       244992                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14413616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13678016                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1612036                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3866583                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23527480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17685642     75.17%     75.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2446370     10.40%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1226142      5.21%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       887115      3.77%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       703459      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288790      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182298      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94869      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12795      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23527480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2631     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8408     36.79%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11817     51.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11503321     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203993      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1714      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1240247      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728741      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13678016                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536677                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22856                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50908360                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16029297                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13470029                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13700872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28175                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219664                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           57                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10693                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       356937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        108001                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12181                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14417234                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352248                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731224                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1861                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10308                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           57                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119593                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       236486                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13487221                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166538                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1895221                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1915981                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           728683                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529191                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13470169                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13470029                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7733316                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20841463                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528516                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371054                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10160451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12502760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1914482                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       209298                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23170543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17995510     77.67%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2587258     11.17%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956051      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457325      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       414154      1.79%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222530      0.96%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       175827      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87907      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273981      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23170543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10160451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12502760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1853113                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1132582                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1803062                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11264802                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       257518                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       273981                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37313726                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29191439                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                308572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1959023                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10160451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12502760                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10160451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.508403                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.508403                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398660                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398660                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       60704558                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18763193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13385059                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2310862                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1924114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211611                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       882491                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843175                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9816                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20098679                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12674809                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2310862                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1091210                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2641153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        590245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       664792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1249479                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23781324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21140171     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         161802      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         203850      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         324844      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         136363      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         174773      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         203720      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          93428      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1342373      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23781324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090670                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.497315                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19980102                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       794981                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2628522                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1301                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       376416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       351431                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15492698                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       376416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20000764                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         64822                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       673480                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2609117                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        56718                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15396976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        39385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     21503817                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     71593328                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     71593328                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17966277                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3537540                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3706                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1925                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          199544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1443367                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       753461                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       169900                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15030976                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3721                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14408770                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15044                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1842745                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3767372                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23781324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17675923     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2784956     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1137989      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       638855      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       863368      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266458      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262120      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140451      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11204      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23781324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99737     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13563     10.75%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12881     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12138243     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196913      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1781      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1320950      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750883      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14408770                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565349                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126181                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52740089                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16877531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14033061                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14534951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10417                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275579                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           92                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11324                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       376416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         49507                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6347                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15034702                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1443367                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753461                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1925                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5525                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           92                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124797                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119664                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       244461                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14157919                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1299412                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       250851                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2050180                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2001827                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           750768                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555507                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14033157                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14033061                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8406525                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22578652                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550608                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372322                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10452558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12879948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2154822                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       213200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23404908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17952703     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2763612     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003617      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499205      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457044      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191951      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190145      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90362      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256269      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23404908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10452558                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12879948                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1909925                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1167788                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1866937                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11596106                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       265967                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       256269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38183331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          30445973                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                306900                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1705179                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10452558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12879948                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10452558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.438303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.438303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410121                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410121                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       63702231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      19609422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14327239                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2070837                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698271                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205288                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       856282                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212001                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19809507                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11778169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2070837                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1021676                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2591577                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        582194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       656577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1222316                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203812                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23431255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20839678     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         279850      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         325177      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         178523      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         208161      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         112447      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          77446      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         200020      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1209953      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23431255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081252                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.462134                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19648157                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       821322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2571007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       371439                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       335615                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2155                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14378640                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        11349                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       371439                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19678681                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        237471                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       498236                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2561001                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        84421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14369114                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        21341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19967042                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     66914932                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     66914932                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17027296                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2939746                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3830                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2167                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          229137                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       747541                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       164278                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14344855                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13548720                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17705                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1806706                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4186813                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          495                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23431255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17721366     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298356      9.81%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233482      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853053      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746189      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       382494      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91795      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59915      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44605      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23431255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3390     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13034     43.77%     55.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13354     44.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11340294     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211956      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1252952      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       741860      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13548720                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531604                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29778                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002198                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50576178                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16155533                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13322424                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13578498                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34425                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245088                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16930                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       371439                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        190068                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13637                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14348707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747541                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2168                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9628                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118484                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115689                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       234173                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13347546                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176829                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1918444                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1867303                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           741615                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523710                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13322699                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13322424                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7921647                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20750556                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522725                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381756                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12269967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2078850                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       206359                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23059816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18047717     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324018     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974935      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583485      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405841      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261759      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136959      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109105      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215997      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23059816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10001026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12269967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1859464                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1128853                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1755966                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11061998                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       249646                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       215997                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37192571                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29069088                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                306557                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2055248                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10001026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12269967                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10001026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.548389                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.548389                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60214836                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18489633                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13418368                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2069922                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693227                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854559                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814341                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212276                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9158                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20072431                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11743992                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2069922                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1026617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2459718                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        592409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       355307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1235964                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205239                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23271609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20811891     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         133629      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         210299      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         333971      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         139065      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         155327      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         165717      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         107545      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1214165      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23271609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081216                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19888877                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       540649                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2451996                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6208                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       383878                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       338844                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14338240                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       383878                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19919918                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        172277                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       279234                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2427771                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        88518                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14328836                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         2687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        24495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        33072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5021                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19889314                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     66652315                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     66652315                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16954246                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2935053                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3618                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1977                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          265117                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1366162                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       733894                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22090                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       167136                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14306613                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3628                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13527958                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1834732                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4102061                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          322                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23271609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17569788     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2288129      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1249666      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853745      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       799471      3.44%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228659      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179200      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60725      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42226      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23271609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3195     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9643     38.19%     50.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12412     49.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11332713     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214115      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1250065      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729425      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13527958                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530789                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25250                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50369790                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16145129                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13307873                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13553208                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40210                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247112                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22322                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          875                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       383878                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        119718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12075                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14310261                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1366162                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733894                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1977                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8789                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118269                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117075                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       235344                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13333738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175480                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194220                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1904530                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1875170                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           729050                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523169                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13308103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13307873                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7781651                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20333343                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522154                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9959129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12207325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2102971                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3306                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       207870                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22887731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17930748     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2400651     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935351      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       504005      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376331      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210287      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129968      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115730      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284660      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22887731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9959129                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12207325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1830622                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1119050                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1752236                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10999800                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       248022                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       284660                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36913302                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29004506                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                325620                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2214894                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9959129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12207325                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9959129                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.559110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.559110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390761                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390761                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60127674                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18448769                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13372612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2069965                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1697857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205305                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853281                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809181                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9147                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19816788                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11774749                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2069965                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1021216                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2591182                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        581762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       647735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1222446                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203817                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23428892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20837710     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         279775      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         326863      1.40%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         178472      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         206470      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         112813      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          76862      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         199469      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1210458      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23428892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081218                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461999                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19654081                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       813873                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2570225                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19685                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       371022                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       335212                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14373395                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        11397                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       371022                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19685169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        246859                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       479601                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2559996                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        86239                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14363669                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        22008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        40673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19964343                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66891211                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66891211                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17032024                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2932319                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3760                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2097                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          232302                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373704                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       747236                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19965                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       164054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14338743                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3759                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13545158                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17730                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1797446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4175227                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23428892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17717195     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2301405      9.82%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232994      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854042      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746257      3.19%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       380557      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91907      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59896      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44639      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23428892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3316     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12725     43.39%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13285     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11336971     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211947      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1659      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1253431      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       741150      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13545158                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.531464                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29326                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50566264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16140085                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13318543                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13574484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244526                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16417                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       371022                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        198339                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13814                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14342525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373704                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747236                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2090                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9536                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115290                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233864                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13343173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176690                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1917600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1866760                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           740910                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523539                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13318807                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13318543                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7920811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20741832                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522572                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381876                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10003795                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12273406                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2069225                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       206319                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23057870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18044052     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324880     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975019      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584230      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406039      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261462      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136893      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109386      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215909      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23057870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10003795                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12273406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1859997                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1129178                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1756483                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11065074                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       249714                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       215909                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37184527                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29056301                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                306146                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2057611                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10003795                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12273406                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10003795                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.547683                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.547683                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.392513                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.392513                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60198346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18487191                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13414509                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25486503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2104391                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1721869                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207013                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       862027                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         825995                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9390                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20254198                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11768538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2104391                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1043019                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2455587                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        567117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       461961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1240469                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207023                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23529170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21073583     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         114548      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         181987      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         245772      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         252789      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         214078      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         119321      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         177461      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1149631      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23529170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082569                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461756                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20049202                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       669011                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2450995                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       357157                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       346122                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          269                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14439346                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1554                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       357157                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20104725                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        136597                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       406906                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2399024                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       124759                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14433077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        16604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        54620                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     20139405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     67143071                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     67143071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17425041                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2714281                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1877                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          378102                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352350                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       731155                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8617                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       228392                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14413789                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3605                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13677445                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1987                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1613396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3871968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23529170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17700664     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2429247     10.32%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1221769      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       893216      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706266      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       287957      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182783      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94679      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12589      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23529170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2811     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8395     37.01%     49.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11475     50.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11503303     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204022      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1713      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1239824      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728583      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13677445                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50908727                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16030852                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13467602                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13700126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27868                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219975                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10773                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       357157                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        108365                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14417419                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352350                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731155                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1878                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119208                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117044                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       236252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13484811                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1165937                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1894461                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1915801                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           728524                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529096                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13467746                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13467602                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7732838                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20840995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371040                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10158290                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12500217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1917139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3458                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       209384                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23172013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18008355     77.72%     77.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2577620     11.12%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956687      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       456878      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406418      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222076      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180707      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87881      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275391      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23172013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10158290                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12500217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1852738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1132366                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1802744                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11262493                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       257480                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       275391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37313900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29191959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                308758                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1957333                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10158290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12500217                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10158290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.508936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.508936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398575                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398575                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60691454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18760519                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13384226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3456                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          32640                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.875312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1540567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          65402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          23.555350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           295.110015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.354447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   850.229981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.527895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1390.120135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.183727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   829.209719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.924938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   585.666361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.421995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   592.899086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.006106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1383.219882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    16.747640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   829.357414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.159170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1398.512073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.712431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   590.919925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.669389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   865.221624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.485845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   597.241531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.985274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   486.608818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.525537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   854.808993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.690687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1264.375459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.113543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   849.834170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.529590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   586.695135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1180.943607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1299.228410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1340.941086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           951.112632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           934.674014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1331.227703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1326.411748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1308.844862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           934.601454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1143.364147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           934.414825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           798.620075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1145.838895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1447.192174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1141.750667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           942.640475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.025947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.042423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.025305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.017873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.018094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.042213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.025310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.042679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.018033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.026404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.018226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.014850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.026087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.038586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.025935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.017905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.036040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.039649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.040922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.029026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.028524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.040626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.040479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.039943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.028522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.034893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.028516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.024372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.034968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.044165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.034843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.028767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   57827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            19899                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 19899                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   216                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    58043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5000                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3633                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5005                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3597                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2746                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3737                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2753                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   58043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1371                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1944                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2932                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1924                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5124492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    286985610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5405626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    480590563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4571831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    292160754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6110272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    205947167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5604034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    209818385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5769186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    478892840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4040258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    293405625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5429661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    482526666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6056386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    206456981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5268551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298604031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6255481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    210891777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4887198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    169722205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5288845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    292740355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5278574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    446410249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5097887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    289854651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5807328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    208836684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4939840153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       403989                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       302587                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       147182                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       269564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       320511                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       305486                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1749319                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5124492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    287389599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5405626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    480590563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4571831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    292160754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6110272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    205947167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5604034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    209818385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5769186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    479195427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4040258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    293405625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5429661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    482673848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6056386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    206456981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5268551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298873595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6255481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    210891777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4887198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    169722205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5288845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    293060866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5278574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    446410249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5097887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    290160137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5807328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    208836684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4941589472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5124492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    287389599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5405626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    480590563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4571831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    292160754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6110272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    205947167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5604034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    209818385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5769186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    479195427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4040258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    293405625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5429661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    482673848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6056386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    206456981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5268551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298873595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6255481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    210891777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4887198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    169722205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5288845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    293060866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5278574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    446410249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5097887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    290160137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5807328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    208836684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4941589472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               90448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             19899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               228                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                90676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               90676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.388208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.335603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.387800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.388201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.332848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.338185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.343839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.360660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.387780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.387618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.387895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.331400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.336715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.343160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.359886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.387780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.387618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.387895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.331400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.336715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.343160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.359886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155287.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151204.220232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150156.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151749.467319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147478.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150675.994843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156673.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150107.264577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155667.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152042.307971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147927.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151261.162350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149639.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150002.875767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150823.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152457.082464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159378.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150588.607586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159653.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152038.712322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156387.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151285.349354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148096.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152217.224215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155554.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150741.686406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150816.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152254.518759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154481.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150808.871488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156954.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151550.568940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151431.291285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       134663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151293.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       147182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       134782                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160255.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       152743                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145776.583333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155287.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151178.116255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150156.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151749.467319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147478.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150675.994843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156673.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150107.264577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155667.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152042.307971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147927.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151261.182765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149639.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150002.875767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150823.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152455.416298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159378.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150588.607586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159653.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152021.157172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156387.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151285.349354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148096.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152217.224215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155554.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150751.474280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150816.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152254.518759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154481.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150810.882017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156954.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151550.568940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151429.211902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155287.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151178.116255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150156.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151749.467319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147478.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150675.994843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156673.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150107.264577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155667.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152042.307971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 147927.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151261.182765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149639.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150002.875767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150823.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152455.416298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159378.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150588.607586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159653.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152021.157172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156387.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151285.349354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148096.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152217.224215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155554.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150751.474280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150816.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152254.518759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154481.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150810.882017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156954.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151550.568940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151429.211902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10789                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10789                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3201553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    176439572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3313733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    296246091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2766952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179205969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3844437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    126045610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3508838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    129475748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3503202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    294624022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2467991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    179464509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3335666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    298295519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3849461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    126611968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3346602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    184207250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3930389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129728798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2966485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104791969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3312664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179633357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3236892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    275703639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3177197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    177933109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3654966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    128598032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3040422190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       228174                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       186220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        88445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       153040                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       204412                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       189740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1050031                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3201553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    176667746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3313733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    296246091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2766952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179205969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3844437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    126045610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3508838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    129475748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3503202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    294810242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2467991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    179464509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3335666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    298383964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3849461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    126611968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3346602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    184360290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3930389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129728798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2966485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104791969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3312664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179837769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3236892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    275703639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3177197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    178122849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3654966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    128598032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3041472221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3201553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    176667746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3313733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    296246091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2766952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179205969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3844437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    126045610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3508838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    129475748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3503202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    294810242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2467991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    179464509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3335666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    298383964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3849461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    126611968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3346602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    184360290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3930389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129728798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2966485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104791969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3312664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179837769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3236892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    275703639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3177197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    178122849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3654966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    128598032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3041472221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.388208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.335603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.387800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.388201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.332848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.338185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.343839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.402637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.360660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.387780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.387618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.387895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.331400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.336715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.343160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.359886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.336282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.387780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.387618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.352242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.387895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.331400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.336715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.343160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.401809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.359886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97016.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92960.786091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92048.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93541.550679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89256.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92421.850954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98575.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91869.978134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97467.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93823.005797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89825.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93058.756159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91407.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91750.771472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92657.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94248.189258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101301.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92350.086069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101412.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93791.878819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98259.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93062.265423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89893.484848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93983.828700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97431.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92499.153965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92482.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94032.619031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96278.696970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92577.059834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98782.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93322.229318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93204.444683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        76058                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        93110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        88445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        76520                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       102206                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        94870                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87502.583333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97016.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92934.111520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92048.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93541.550679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89256.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92421.850954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98575.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91869.978134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97467.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93823.005797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89825.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93058.788510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91407.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91750.771472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92657.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94246.356286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101301.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92350.086069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101412.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93774.308240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98259.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93062.265423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89893.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93983.828700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97431.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92509.140432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92482.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94032.619031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96278.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92579.443347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98782.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93322.229318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93202.347961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97016.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92934.111520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92048.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93541.550679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89256.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92421.850954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98575.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91869.978134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97467.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93823.005797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89825.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93058.788510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91407.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91750.771472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92657.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94246.356286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101301.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92350.086069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101412.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93774.308240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98259.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93062.265423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89893.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93983.828700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97431.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92509.140432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92482.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94032.619031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96278.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92579.443347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98782.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93322.229318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93202.347961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              511.404343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1940368.877907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    29.404343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.047122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7318930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7318930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7318930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7318930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7318930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7318930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174260.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174260.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174260.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174260.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174260.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174260.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6034782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6034782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6034782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6034782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6034782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6034782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177493.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177493.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177493.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177493.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177493.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177493.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5653                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158372574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26801.924860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.282256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.717744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       858369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1584868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1584868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1584868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1584868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2416281400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2416281400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     53272792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53272792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2469554192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2469554192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2469554192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2469554192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       877785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       877785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1604739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1604739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1604739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1604739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124447.950144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124447.950144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117083.059341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117083.059341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124279.311157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124279.311157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124279.311157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124279.311157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    560241242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560241242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1500414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1500414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    561741656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561741656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    561741656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561741656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99421.693345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99421.693345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83356.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83356.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99370.538829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99370.538829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99370.538829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99370.538829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              571.500403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1030792886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1777229.113793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.139647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.360757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.048301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1210105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1210105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1210105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1210105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1210105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7779810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7779810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7779810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7779810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7779810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7779810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1210155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1210155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1210155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155596.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155596.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155596.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155596.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155596.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155596.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5937037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5937037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5937037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5937037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5937037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5937037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160460.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160460.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160460.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160460.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160460.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160460.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              406445325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             48254.223555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.096276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.903724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.566030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3166416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3166416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1732973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1732973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4899389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4899389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4899389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4899389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        28762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        28762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3315027215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3315027215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2375183                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2375183                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3317402398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3317402398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3317402398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3317402398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3195149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3195149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1733002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1733002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4928151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4928151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4928151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4928151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115373.515296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115373.515296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 81902.862069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81902.862069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115339.767680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115339.767680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115339.767680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115339.767680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1547                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1547                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    865570910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    865570910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       612180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       612180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    866183090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    866183090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    866183090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    866183090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106100.871537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106100.871537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        68020                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68020                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106058.906575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106058.906575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106058.906575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106058.906575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              549.872087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              919936972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1645683.313059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.541639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.330447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.037727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1239789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1239789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1239789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1239789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1239789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5880454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5880454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5880454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5880454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5880454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5880454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1239827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1239827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1239827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154748.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154748.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154748.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154748.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154748.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154748.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5017637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5017637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5017637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5017637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5017637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5017637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156801.156250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156801.156250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156801.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156801.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156801.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156801.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5572                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              205256252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35218.986273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   192.510989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    63.489011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.751996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.248004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1848411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1848411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       336709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2185120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2185120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2185120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2185120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2086878734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2086878734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2356602                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2356602                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2089235336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2089235336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2089235336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2089235336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1867844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1867844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2204581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2204581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2204581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2204581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107388.397777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107388.397777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84164.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84164.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107354.983608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107354.983608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107354.983608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107354.983608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    556667186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556667186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       418660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       418660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    557085846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    557085846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    557085846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    557085846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100012.070787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100012.070787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69776.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69776.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99979.512922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99979.512922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99979.512922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99979.512922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.156834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              999936465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1934113.085106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.156834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.056341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1240630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1240630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1240630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1240630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1240630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10941862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10941862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10941862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10941862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10941862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10941862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1240681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1240681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1240681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 214546.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 214546.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 214546.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 214546.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 214546.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 214546.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8873223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8873223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8873223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8873223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8873223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8873223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 211267.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211267.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 211267.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211267.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 211267.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211267.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152471684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34636.911404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.268049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.731951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.872141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.127859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       854464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       717996                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717996                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1572460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1572460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1572460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1572460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1547281563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1547281563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9669961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9669961                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1556951524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1556951524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1556951524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1556951524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       867684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       718104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       718104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1585788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1585788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1585788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1585788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117040.965431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117040.965431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 89536.675926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89536.675926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 116818.091537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116818.091537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 116818.091537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116818.091537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    406293846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    406293846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1358772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1358772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    407652618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    407652618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    407652618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    407652618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98423.896802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98423.896802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 75487.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75487.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98324.316932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98324.316932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98324.316932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98324.316932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              508.930560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999936271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1945401.305447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.930560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.054376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1240436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1240436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1240436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1240436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1240436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9684645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9684645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9684645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9684645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9684645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9684645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1240481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1240481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1240481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 215214.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215214.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 215214.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 215214.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 215214.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 215214.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8248063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8248063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8248063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8248063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8248063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8248063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211488.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211488.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211488.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211488.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 211488.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211488.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152469825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34762.841997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.179391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.820609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.871794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.128206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       853572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       717160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1570732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1570732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        13294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        13294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1562792925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1562792925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9715691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9715691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1572508616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1572508616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1572508616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1572508616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       866758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       717268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1584026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1584026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1584026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1584026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118519.105491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118519.105491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 89960.101852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89960.101852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118287.093125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118287.093125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118287.093125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118287.093125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    410282772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410282772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1359547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1359547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    411642319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    411642319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    411642319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    411642319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99776.938716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99776.938716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75530.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75530.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99671.263680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99671.263680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99671.263680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99671.263680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              573.203406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1030792758                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1768083.632933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.462768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.740639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.050421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.868174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1209977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1209977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1209977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1209977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1209977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8211131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8211131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8211131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8211131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8211131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8211131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157906.365385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157906.365385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157906.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157906.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157906.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157906.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6474511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6474511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6474511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6474511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6474511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6474511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161862.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161862.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161862.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161862.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161862.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161862.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 8173                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              406444436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 8429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             48219.769368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.094360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.905640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.433962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.566038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3165736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3165736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1732722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1732722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4898458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        4898458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4898458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       4898458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        28822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        28822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3320257657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3320257657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3162487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3162487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3323420144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3323420144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3323420144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3323420144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3194528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3194528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1732752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1732752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4927280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4927280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4927280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4927280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115318.757189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115318.757189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105416.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105416.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115308.449934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115308.449934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115308.449934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115308.449934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    863924465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    863924465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       843128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       843128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    864767593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    864767593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    864767593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    864767593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105821.223052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105821.223052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93680.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93680.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105807.854276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105807.854276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105807.854276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105807.854276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.405397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              919936674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1657543.556757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.075045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.330351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.035377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1239491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1239491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1239491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1239491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1239491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5305972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5305972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5305972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5305972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5305972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5305972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1239524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1239524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1239524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160787.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160787.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160787.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160787.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160787.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160787.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4495780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4495780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4495780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4495780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4495780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4495780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160563.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160563.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160563.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160563.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160563.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160563.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              205258280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35334.529179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   191.101976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    64.898024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.746492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.253508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1850407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       336738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          790                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          790                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2187145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2187145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2187145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2187145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2085368835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2085368835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2466028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2466028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2087834863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2087834863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2087834863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2087834863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1869769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       336768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          790                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2206537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2206537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2206537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2206537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107704.205919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107704.205919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82200.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82200.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107664.751599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107664.751599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107664.751599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107664.751599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13839                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13839                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    556213778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556213778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       392707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       392707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    556606485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    556606485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    556606485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    556606485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100272.900306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100272.900306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65451.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65451.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100235.275527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100235.275527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100235.275527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100235.275527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              572.633179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1030792649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1777228.705172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.271684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.361495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.050115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1209868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1209868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1209868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7962399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7962399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7962399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7962399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7962399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7962399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1209920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153123.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153123.057692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153123.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153123.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153123.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153123.057692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6014819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6014819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6014819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6014819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6014819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6014819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162562.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162562.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162562.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162562.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162562.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162562.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              406442424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             48282.540271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.086649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.913351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.433932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.566068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3164381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3164381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1732107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1732107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4896488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4896488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4896488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4896488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        28856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        28856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3324390092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3324390092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2760676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2760676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3327150768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3327150768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3327150768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3327150768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3193207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3193207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1732137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1732137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4925344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4925344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4925344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4925344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115326.097690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115326.097690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92022.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92022.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115301.870252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115301.870252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115301.870252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115301.870252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    865254494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    865254494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       681260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       681260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    865935754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    865935754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    865935754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    865935754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106127.130381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106127.130381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 75695.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75695.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106093.574369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106093.574369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106093.574369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106093.574369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              510.290789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              999937062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1937862.523256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.290789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1241227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1241227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1241227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1241227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1241227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11175981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11175981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11175981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11175981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11175981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11175981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1241278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1241278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1241278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 219136.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 219136.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 219136.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219136.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 219136.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219136.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9245339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9245339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9245339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9245339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9245339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9245339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 225496.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225496.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 225496.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225496.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 225496.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225496.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              152469560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             34707.389028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.249144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.750856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.872067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.127933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       853610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       716753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       716753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1845                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1845                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1570363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1570363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        13257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        13257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1548171564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1548171564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9650354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9650354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1557821918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1557821918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1557821918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1557821918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       866763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       716857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       716857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1845                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1845                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1583620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1583620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117704.825059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117704.825059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92791.865385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92791.865385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117509.385080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117509.385080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117509.385080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117509.385080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9120                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9120                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    407186345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    407186345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1423900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1423900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    408610245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    408610245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    408610245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    408610245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98855.631221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98855.631221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79105.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79105.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98769.699057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98769.699057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98769.699057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98769.699057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              511.398123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001230402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1940368.996124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.398123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.047112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1222310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1222310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1222310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1222310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1222310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7646576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7646576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7646576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7646576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7646576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7646576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1222353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1222353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1222353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177827.348837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177827.348837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177827.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177827.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177827.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177827.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6171182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6171182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6171182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6171182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6171182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6171182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181505.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181505.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181505.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181505.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181505.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181505.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158370540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             26554.416499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   225.268784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    30.731216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.879956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.120044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       856527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        856527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       726299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1582826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1582826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1582826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1582826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2407986666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2407986666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51717942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51717942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2459704608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2459704608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2459704608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2459704608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       875844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       875844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       726755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1602599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1602599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1602599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1602599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124656.347569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124656.347569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113416.539474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113416.539474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124397.137915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124397.137915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124397.137915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124397.137915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14065                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14065                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    571364426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    571364426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1409593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1409593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    572774019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    572774019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    572774019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    572774019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100397.895976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100397.895976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82917.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82917.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100345.833742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100345.833742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100345.833742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100345.833742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.368721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              999936021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1930378.418919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.368721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1240186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1240186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1240186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1240186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1240186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10774786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10774786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10774786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10774786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10774786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10774786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1240238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1240238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1240238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 207207.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 207207.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 207207.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 207207.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 207207.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 207207.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9091190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9091190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9091190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9091190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9091190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9091190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 211423.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211423.023256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 211423.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211423.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 211423.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211423.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152469442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34683.676524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.245477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.754523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.872053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.127947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       853140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       717112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1570252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1570252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        13290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        13290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565084525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1565084525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9077575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9077575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1574162100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1574162100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1574162100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1574162100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       866328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       717214                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717214                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1583542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1583542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118674.895739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118674.895739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 88995.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88995.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118447.110609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118447.110609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118447.110609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118447.110609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    413433535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413433535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1358381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1358381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    414791916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    414791916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    414791916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    414791916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100299.256429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100299.256429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 75465.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75465.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100191.284058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100191.284058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100191.284058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100191.284058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              486.565161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1003038393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2047017.128571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.565161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.050585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1249435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1249435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1249435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1249435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1249435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1249435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6891533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6891533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6891533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6891533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6891533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6891533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1249479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1249479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1249479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156625.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156625.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156625.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156625.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156625.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156625.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5509226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5509226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5509226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5509226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5509226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5509226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157406.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157406.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157406.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157406.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157406.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157406.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3794                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148774561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36734.459506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   219.920069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    36.079931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.859063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.140937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       995476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       738438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1892                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1892                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1733914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1733914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1733914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1733914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         9722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         9722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1004138206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1004138206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5903559                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5903559                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1010041765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1010041765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1010041765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1010041765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1005131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       738505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1892                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1892                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1743636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1743636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1743636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1743636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104001.885655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104001.885655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 88112.820896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88112.820896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103892.384797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103892.384797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103892.384797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103892.384797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    359833189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    359833189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1185483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    361018672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361018672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    361018672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361018672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95244.359185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95244.359185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 74092.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74092.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95155.158672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95155.158672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95155.158672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95155.158672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              512.307929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001230363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1936615.789168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.307929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.048570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1222271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1222271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1222271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1222271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1222271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7924785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7924785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7924785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7924785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7924785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7924785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1222316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1222316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1222316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176106.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176106.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176106.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176106.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176106.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176106.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6278731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6278731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6278731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6278731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6278731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6278731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179392.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179392.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179392.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179392.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179392.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179392.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5665                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              158373038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             26747.684175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   225.267875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    30.732125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.879953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.120047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       858807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       726565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1585372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1585372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1585372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1585372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2423079445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2423079445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     53324221                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53324221                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2476403666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2476403666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2476403666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2476403666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       878242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       727021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1605263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1605263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1605263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1605263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124676.071263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124676.071263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116939.081140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116939.081140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124498.701222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124498.701222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124498.701222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124498.701222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    565071229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565071229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1418152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1418152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    566489381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    566489381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    566489381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566489381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100048.022132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100048.022132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83420.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83420.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99998.125508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99998.125508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99998.125508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99998.125508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.831031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1005693961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1911965.705323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.831031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.044601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1235916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1235916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1235916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1235916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1235916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1235916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7347347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7347347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7347347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7347347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7347347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7347347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1235964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1235964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1235964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1235964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1235964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1235964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153069.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153069.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153069.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153069.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153069.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153069.729167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5778838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5778838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5778838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5778838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5778838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5778838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160523.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160523.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160523.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160523.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160523.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160523.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167227343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             22140.519396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.567923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.432077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.888937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.111063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       855546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        855546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       708152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       708152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1563698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1563698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1563698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1563698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2189514027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2189514027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7136901                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7136901                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2196650928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2196650928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2196650928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2196650928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       874109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       874109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       708236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1582345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1582345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117950.440500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117950.440500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84963.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84963.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117801.840940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117801.840940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117801.840940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117801.840940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    769890031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    769890031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       999928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       999928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    770889959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    770889959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    770889959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    770889959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105725.079786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105725.079786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66661.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66661.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105644.779910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105644.779910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105644.779910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105644.779910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              510.249189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001230495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1940369.176357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.249189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.045271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1222403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1222403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1222403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7082438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7082438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7082438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7082438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7082438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7082438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1222446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1222446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1222446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164707.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164707.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164707.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164707.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164707.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164707.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5789800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5789800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5789800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5789800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5789800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5789800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170288.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170288.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170288.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170288.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 170288.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170288.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5661                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              158373197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             26765.792969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   225.382666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    30.617334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.880401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.119599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       858785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       726772                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726772                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1585557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1585557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1585557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1585557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19834                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19834                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2407749885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2407749885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55218441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55218441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2462968326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2462968326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2462968326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2462968326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       878163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       727228                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727228                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1605391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1605391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1605391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1605391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.022067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124251.722830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124251.722830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121093.072368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121093.072368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124179.102854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124179.102854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124179.102854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124179.102854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14173                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14173                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    562048250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562048250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1383814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1383814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    563432064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    563432064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    563432064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    563432064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99583.318568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99583.318568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 81400.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81400.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99528.716481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99528.716481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99528.716481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99528.716481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              509.152885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              999936256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1941623.798058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.152885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.054732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1240421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1240421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1240421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1240421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1240421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10208179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10208179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10208179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10208179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10208179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10208179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1240469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1240469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1240469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 212670.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212670.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 212670.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212670.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 212670.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212670.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8553778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8553778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8553778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8553778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8553778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8553778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 213844.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213844.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 213844.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213844.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 213844.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213844.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              152469077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             34754.747436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   223.239707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    32.760293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.872030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.127970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       852910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        852910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       716959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       716959                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1569869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1569869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        13245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        13245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1562875793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1562875793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8788163                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8788163                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1571663956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1571663956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1571663956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1571663956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       866057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       717057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1583114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1583114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118876.990416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118876.990416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89675.132653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89675.132653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118660.925330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118660.925330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118660.925330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118660.925330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    411436840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    411436840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1312536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1312536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    412749376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    412749376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    412749376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    412749376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100008.954789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100008.954789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        77208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99915.123699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99915.123699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99915.123699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99915.123699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
