
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093956                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93955692387                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               606564895275                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 319139                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   405853                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1783138                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67611336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52691.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16815847252                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21384909373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3680128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2245120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1622272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1619584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2214656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2243200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3672704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1622272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2250368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1279232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3727744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      3302528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2249088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1623936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3300608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2221312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             38953984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10648448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10648448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        28751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        17540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        12674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        12653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        17302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        17525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        28693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        12674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         9994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        29123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        25801                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        17571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        12687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        25786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        17354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                304328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           83191                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                83191                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        53131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39168760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23895519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        57218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17266351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        57218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17237742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23571281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23875083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        57218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39089744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        55856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17266351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        51769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23951375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        49044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13615269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        55856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39675552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        53131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     35149845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     23937751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        57218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17284062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        53131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     35129410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        50407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23642123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               414599510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        53131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        57218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        57218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        57218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        55856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        51769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        49044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        55856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        53131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        57218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        53131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        50407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             843291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         113334783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              113334783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         113334783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        53131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39168760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        49044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23895519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        57218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17266351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        57218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17237742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23571281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        46320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23875083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        57218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39089744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        55856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17266351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        51769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23951375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        49044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13615269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        55856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39675552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        53131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     35149845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        49044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     23937751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        57218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17284062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        53131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     35129410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        50407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23642123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              527934293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17536661                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15824112                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       918061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6558205                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6271103                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40671                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185878900                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110313298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17536661                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7240231                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21812387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2881385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4437764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10668187                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       922572                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    214069478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      192257091     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         777639      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1594005      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         666986      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3627804      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3225779      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         625470      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1308837      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9985867      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    214069478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077832                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489599                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184833712                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5494388                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21732643                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        68786                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1939943                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1539374                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129347269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2715                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1939943                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      185022371                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3952690                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       953366                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21625876                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       575226                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129280463                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           93                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       244334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       209434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3071                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151774184                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    608922939                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    608922939                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17051320                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15006                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7573                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1457051                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30509953                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15437191                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139432                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       748311                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129032125                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15052                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124100862                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64567                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9883832                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23663856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           73                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214069478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169997318     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13176377      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10840371      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4681392      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5935871      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5752750      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3266871      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257117      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161411      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214069478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314126     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449120     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71031      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77840754     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084089      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29764694     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15403893     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124100862                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.550792                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2834277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465170046                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138934141                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123044746                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126935139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223812                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1161910                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          490                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91855                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10997                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1939943                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       3626465                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       164104                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129047247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30509953                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15437191                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7574                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       112093                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       534482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542220                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1076702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123235448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29664182                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       865414                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  70                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45066807                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16146325                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15402625                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.546951                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123048684                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123044746                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66445803                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       130884969                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546105                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11543521                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       938181                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212129535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169534871     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15529232      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7290979      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7213953      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1959042      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8391445      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626643      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456892      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126478      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212129535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1126478                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          340062647                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260059926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4075647                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              11243934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.253134                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.253134                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.443826                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.443826                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609263311                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142880712                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154057930                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17110818                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15276679                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1358741                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11375234                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11159112                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1025854                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40933                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180751312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             97198012                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17110818                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     12184966                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21668827                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4469010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2741888                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10932398                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1333776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    208264652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      186595825     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3302609      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1668158      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3268844      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1048089      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3019615      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         477086      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         771178      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        8113248      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    208264652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075942                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      178466173                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5068194                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21626200                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        17470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3086611                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1617487                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        16014                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    108731648                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        30388                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3086611                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      178720320                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3075577                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1215575                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21393226                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       773339                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    108575070                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        84452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       624378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    142299424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    492089331                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    492089331                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    115393728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       26905685                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        14564                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7364                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1659519                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     19575784                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3185580                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       725878                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        108019965                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14616                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       101146241                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        65328                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19498351                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39925036                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208264652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163887267     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14028152      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14801024      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8621981      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4439275      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1111764      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1318298      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30738      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26153      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208264652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169357     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69422     23.45%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57284     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79316808     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792954      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7200      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17870857     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3158422      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    101146241                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.448914                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            296063                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410918523                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127533190                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98586374                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    101442304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        79794                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3985350                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        79504                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3086611                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2059079                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95458                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108034656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19575784                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3185580                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7363                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36495                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2114                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       915344                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       525802                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1441146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99871902                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17620383                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1274337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  75                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20778642                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       15181261                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3158259                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.443258                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             98608864                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            98586374                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        59650834                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       129924751                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437552                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.459118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78517096                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     88400766                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19638348                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14519                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1350165                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205178041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172264641     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12929861      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8307488      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2617546      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4339637      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       846558      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537593      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491341      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2843376      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205178041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     78517096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     88400766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18696510                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            15590434                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         13563427                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        77255753                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1105841                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2843376                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          310373493                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         219167281                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4015702                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              17048760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          78517096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            88400766                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     78517096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.869610                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.869610                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.348479                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.348479                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      464227963                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     128450642                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     115480528                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        14506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18587625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15208030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1811907                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7642515                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7312990                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1920752                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82549                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178926173                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            103965723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18587625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9233742                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            21693011                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4948172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      4237022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10944874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1813832                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    207968848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      186275837     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1006711      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1600937      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2175622      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2237273      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1893600      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1068907      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1578350      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10131611      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    207968848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082497                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461427                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      177105716                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6072833                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        21654514                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        23500                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3112282                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3060443                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    127571257                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1908                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3112282                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      177588136                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1250475                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3709498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        21201913                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1106541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    127531852                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       149748                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       483265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    177943404                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    593307974                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    593307974                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    154301923                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       23641469                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        31579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16409                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3295400                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     11929612                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6470990                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76055                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1555220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        127391519                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31691                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       120979019                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16586                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14084610                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33725158                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1097                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207968848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156777492     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21053159     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10652830      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8043986      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6328622      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2563235      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1600033      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838547      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110944      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207968848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23330     11.63%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74137     36.96%     48.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103132     51.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101746595     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1808578      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15166      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10957877      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6450803      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    120979019                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.536937                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200599                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450144071                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141508319                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119178306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    121179618                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248597                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1905838                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          501                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94268                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3112282                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        999641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107630                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127423337                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11929612                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6470990                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16413                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90982                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          501                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1053269                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1019872                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2073141                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119322039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10311160                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1656980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 127                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           16761704                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16952808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6450544                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.529582                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            119178532                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           119178306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        68409864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       184347463                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528945                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371092                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89947710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    110679223                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16744133                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30594                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1834831                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204856566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159450192     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22509917     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8498061      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4053599      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3418772      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1957730      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1711443      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774825      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2482027      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204856566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     89947710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    110679223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             16400491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10023771                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15262                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15959981                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        99720724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2279107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2482027                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          329797271                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         257959053                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2707666                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              17344564                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          89947710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           110679223                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     89947710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.504938                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.504938                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.399212                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.399212                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      537037289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     166006683                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     118267203                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        30568                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18591891                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15212148                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1812092                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7641522                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7312546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919716                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82484                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178903563                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            103981552                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18591891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9232262                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21696388                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       4950058                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4237049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10944091                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1814114                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    207951351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      186254963     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1006909      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1600730      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2176520      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2238181      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1894617      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1067252      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1575721      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10136458      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    207951351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      177084044                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6071938                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21657672                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        23703                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3113991                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3060615                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    127593146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1924                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3113991                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      177567432                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1248545                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      3710066                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21204267                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1107047                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    127552473                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       149942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       483298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    177975098                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    593396325                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    593396325                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    154293373                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       23681725                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        31577                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16409                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3296775                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     11934573                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6470530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1592439                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        127408288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       120980179                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16528                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14107426                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33799204                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207951351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156730361     75.37%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21085551     10.14%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10668520      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8032429      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6321766      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2563543      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1599705      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838516      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110960      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207951351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23338     11.59%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74839     37.18%     48.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103118     51.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101748171     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1808466      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15165      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10957647      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6450730      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    120980179                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536942                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            201295                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450129532                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141547898                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119176949                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    121181474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       250853                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1911347                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          140                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          494                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94167                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3113991                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        998123                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127440109                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14267                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11934573                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6470530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16412                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90640                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          494                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1051731                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1022470                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2074201                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119321389                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10311560                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1658790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           16762029                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16953331                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6450469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529580                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            119177178                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           119176949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        68410980                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       184351504                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528939                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371090                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89942718                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    110673143                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16766995                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30589                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1835014                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204837360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159409154     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22533346     11.00%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8495548      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4050757      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3435982      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1956107      0.95%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1702915      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       773931      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2479620      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204837360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     89942718                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    110673143                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             16399589                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10023226                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15260                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15959125                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        99715230                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2278984                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2479620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          329797254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         257994318                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2707794                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              17362061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          89942718                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           110673143                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     89942718                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.505077                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.505077                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.399189                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.399189                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      537023929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     166009530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     118282759                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        30562                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18330053                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15030108                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1795255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7735205                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7175812                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1883178                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80759                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175020251                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            104140413                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18330053                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9058990                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            22918978                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5079134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5723270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10779834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1781294                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    206918433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      183999455     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2482623      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2867334      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1583278      0.77%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1837227      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1003791      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         680423      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1775457      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10688845      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    206918433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081354                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462202                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      173622634                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7148121                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        22737828                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       170768                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3239079                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      2976337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        16857                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    127148477                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        83667                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3239079                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      173889257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2540959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      3853615                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        22653222                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       742298                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    127070020                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       194961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       344925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           76                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    176583334                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    591660888                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    591660888                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    150979173                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       25604136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        33496                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1990976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12145177                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6611384                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173207                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1464856                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        126886160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       119986762                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       169655                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15739100                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36295526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3922                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206918433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156357445     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20340689      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10930022      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7554860      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6608161      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3393463      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       810406      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528042      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395345      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206918433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31911     12.23%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       112044     42.95%     55.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116905     44.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100430773     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1875177      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14702      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11101445      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6564665      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    119986762                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532533                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            260860                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002174                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447322467                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142659987                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118004104                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    120247622                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       304574                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2141389                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          756                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       138755                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7351                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3239079                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2108692                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129538                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126919847                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12145177                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6611384                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042822                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1005657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2048479                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118226912                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10425095                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1759845                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 113                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           16988277                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16546517                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6563182                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            118005945                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           118004104                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        70142847                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       183705702                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88659341                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    108773378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18147648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29652                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1805598                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203679354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159248373     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20602915     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8633041      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5189753      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3592670      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2320952      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1202241      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969036      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1920373      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203679354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     88659341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    108773378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             16476414                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10003785                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             14794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15567040                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        98063757                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2212950                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1920373                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          328679409                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         257081203                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2679984                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              18394979                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          88659341                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           108773378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     88659341                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.541339                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.541339                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393493                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393493                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      533336544                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     163777240                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     118661598                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        29624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       17107898                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15271111                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1361326                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11407801                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11167699                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1026462                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40909                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180775278                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             97139809                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          17107898                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     12194161                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            21655422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       4464983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2735885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10934217                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1336498                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    208262586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      186607164     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3302862      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1661903      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3263678      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1048385      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3024828      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         477297      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         774873      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        8101596      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    208262586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075929                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431132                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      178490460                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5061715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        21613223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        17195                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3079989                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1620278                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        16013                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    108665841                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        30416                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3079989                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      178744764                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3078948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1206237                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        21379690                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       772954                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    108510568                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        84343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       624008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    142201880                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    491753567                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    491753567                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    115378595                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       26823285                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        14576                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7378                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1656301                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     19566876                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3179334                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20608                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       721385                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        107949324                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14628                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       101107847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64474                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19436306                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39759262                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208262586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163891026     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14035213      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14799694      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8614174      4.14%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4437226      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1111593      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1317410      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30605      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        25645      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208262586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        168877     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69344     23.47%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57267     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79288107     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792559      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7199      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17867579     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3152403      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    101107847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448743                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295488                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410838242                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127400517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98551445                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    101403335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        79398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3977420                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          266                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        73868                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3079989                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2062280                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95420                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107964025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5402                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19566876                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3179334                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7374                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36406                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2103                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          266                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       919657                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       522817                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1442474                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99831995                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17613708                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1275852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  73                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20765941                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       15179103                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3152233                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.443081                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             98573741                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            98551445                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        59628427                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       129844531                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.437397                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.459229                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78508311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     88389890                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19578611                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14520                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1352766                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205182597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172273121     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12928452      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8306825      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2616856      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4338860      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847329      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       536519      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491059      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2843576      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205182597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     78508311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     88389890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18694922                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            15589456                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              7244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         13561827                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        77245989                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1105616                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2843576                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          310307236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         219019439                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4016844                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              17050826                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          78508311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            88389890                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     78508311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.869931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.869931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.348440                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.348440                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      464041044                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     128406606                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     115414869                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        14508                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       17526412                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15815441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       919937                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6533093                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6275277                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969726                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40839                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185884446                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            110245318                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          17526412                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      7245003                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21805809                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       2881434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4435167                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10669971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       924674                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    214063953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      192258144     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         779332      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1593438      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         668317      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        3628557      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3225072      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         628658      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1306458      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9975977      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    214063953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077787                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489298                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      184840247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5490751                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21726075                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        68847                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      1938027                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1537798                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          491                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    129275296                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2716                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      1938027                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      185028147                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3952474                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       950704                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21620113                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       574482                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    129208328                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           90                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       244305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       208341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4298                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    151692311                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    608593561                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    608593561                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    134664787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       17027507                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        15002                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7568                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1451210                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     30499092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     15429712                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139812                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       748953                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        128960538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15048                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       124055623                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64549                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9855496                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23533233                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           73                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214063953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169995868     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13187810      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10836900      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4676719      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5932860      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5750412      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3264638      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257440      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161306      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214063953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314133     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2448221     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70927      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77816040     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082936      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7430      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29752766     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15396451     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    124055623                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550591                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2833281                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465073029                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138834235                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    122998592                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    126888904                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223423                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1165092                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          487                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91626                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10996                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      1938027                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       3626120                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163747                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128975667                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1384                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30499092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15429712                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7572                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111767                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           84                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       538185                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       540254                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1078439                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123188659                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29651605                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       866964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           45046819                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16139138                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         15395214                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546744                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            123002476                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           122998592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        66422947                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       130846013                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545900                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507642                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99955578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    117464372                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11523885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       940128                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212125926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169545241     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15526491      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7290934      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7207832      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1960008      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8387495      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       625863      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456664      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1125398      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212125926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     99955578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    117464372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             44672082                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            29333996                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15511919                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       104453877                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1137762                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1125398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          339988486                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         259914737                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4077337                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              11249459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          99955578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           117464372                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     99955578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.254135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.254135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      609042638                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     142831530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     153970988                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        14952                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18591000                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15211893                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1811705                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7676573                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7317192                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1921234                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82824                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178909748                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            103971786                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18591000                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9238426                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21700621                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4946073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4233498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10943775                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1813625                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    207954609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      186253988     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1011357      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1605701      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2176123      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2235472      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1895785      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1068472      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1574026      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10133685      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    207954609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082512                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461454                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      177092820                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6065847                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21662091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        23468                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3110380                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3059912                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          364                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    127574581                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1912                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3110380                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      177578167                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1246304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      3707592                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21206607                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1105556                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    127530580                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       149801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       482710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    177947139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    593307087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    593307087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    154313436                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       23633669                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        31656                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16484                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3291976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     11930562                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6470289                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76080                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1603350                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        127379751                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31770                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       120969843                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16605                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14075398                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33706646                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1177                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207954609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156720869     75.36%     75.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21105410     10.15%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10670985      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8028567      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6316916      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2563429      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1598354      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838803      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111276      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207954609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23323     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73889     36.90%     48.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103026     51.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101736359     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1808523      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15167      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10959449      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6450345      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    120969843                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536896                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200238                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450111133                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141487419                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119168729                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    121170081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248434                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1906031                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          133                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          503                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93093                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3110380                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        995810                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107434                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127411655                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        34670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11930562                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6470289                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16489                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90708                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          503                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1053436                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1019582                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2073018                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119314136                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10313437                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1655702                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           16763528                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16952252                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6450091                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529547                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            119168949                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           119168729                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        68407990                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       184328084                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528902                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89954411                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    110687535                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16724114                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1834629                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204844228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159400969     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22542367     11.00%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8495634      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4056308      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3439452      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1959268      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1697796      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       775420      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2477014      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204844228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     89954411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    110687535                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             16401724                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10024528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15262                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15961195                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        99728205                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2279283                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2477014                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          329778239                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         257933761                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2706757                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              17358803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          89954411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           110687535                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     89954411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.504751                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.504751                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.399241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.399241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      537007378                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     165999676                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     118273225                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        30566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18329361                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15030699                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1794944                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7716668                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7173215                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1881528                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80728                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174978817                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            104118725                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18329361                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9054743                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            22910573                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5078416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5717343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10776564                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1780756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    206862352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      183951779     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2478105      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2869816      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1581144      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1835228      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1005992      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         677577      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1775286      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10687425      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    206862352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081351                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462106                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      173585209                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7137909                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        22729870                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       170551                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3238810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      2975308                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        16809                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    127117598                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        83792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3238810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      173851329                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2613147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      3771233                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        22645425                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       742405                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    127037420                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       195473                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       344745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    176550928                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    591499422                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    591499422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    150934720                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       25616193                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        33426                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18696                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1993387                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12136298                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6609615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172690                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1466960                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        126855679                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33488                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       119949973                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168074                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15747651                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36303527                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3844                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206862352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156310676     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20339994      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10926249      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7556890      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6606536      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3389273      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       810002      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527566      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395166      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206862352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31580     12.12%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111931     42.97%     55.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117004     44.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100406088     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1874637      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14698      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11091695      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6562855      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    119949973                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.532369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            260515                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447190887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142637982                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117968507                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    120210488                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       302285                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2135438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          725                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       138857                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7345                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3238810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2175039                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131408                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126889276                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12136298                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6609615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18680                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        92971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1166                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041541                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1006802                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2048343                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118187057                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10416312                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1762916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 109                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           16977652                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16542266                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6561340                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.524545                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            117970418                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           117968507                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        70121215                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       183658141                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523575                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88633325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    108741439                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18149263                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29644                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1805231                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203623542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159204237     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20598952     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8629995      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5184757      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3596005      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2318813      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1203084      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969955      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1917744      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203623542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     88633325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    108741439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16471618                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10000860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             14790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15562446                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        98034993                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2212304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1917744                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          328595902                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         257020286                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2678237                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              18451060                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          88633325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           108741439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     88633325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.542085                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.542085                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393378                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393378                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      533145850                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     163734589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     118634325                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        29616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20413499                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16996284                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1854121                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7756367                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7465769                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2195721                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86109                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177605259                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            111985990                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20413499                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9661490                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23343833                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5161672                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6051976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11027727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1772433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    210291811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      186947978     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1431312      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1801991      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2875540      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1208119      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1548336      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1803504      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         825366      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11849665      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    210291811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090600                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497023                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      176559493                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7198364                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23232690                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11036                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3290220                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3107312                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          523                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    136890693                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2533                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3290220                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      176738098                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        572018                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6126959                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23065079                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       499430                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    136048983                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        72127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       348183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    190014717                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    632656065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    632656065                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    159041586                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30973086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        32897                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1750643                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12739912                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6662098                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74842                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1510716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        132834371                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33019                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       127443574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127512                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16082632                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32751047                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1198                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210291811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156289358     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24629671     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10072414      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5644620      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7643985      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2353462      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2314462      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1245519      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98320      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210291811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        878734     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119768     10.77%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113610     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107367847     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1742830      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15772      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11675212      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6641913      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    127443574                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1112112                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008726                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466418582                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148950632                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124136053                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    128555686                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94774                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2403072                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           25                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          613                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93409                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3290220                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        435370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54490                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132867397                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12739912                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6662098                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          613                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1097942                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1042958                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2140900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125231504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11487375                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2212069                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18128626                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17712389                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6641251                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            124136462                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           124136053                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        74375623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       199784598                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372279                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92527202                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    114014806                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18853060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1869964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207001591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158744035     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24458235     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8880182      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4422866      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4045471      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1697750      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1683419      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800603      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269030      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207001591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     92527202                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    114014806                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             16905529                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10336840                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15874                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16525850                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       102650772                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2354421                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2269030                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          337599777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         269025994                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2694217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              15021601                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          92527202                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           114014806                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     92527202                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.435105                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.435105                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410660                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410660                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      563485962                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     173457076                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     126603039                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        31794                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              225313411                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17523178                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15813040                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       919003                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6610141                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6269859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         968963                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40784                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185793059                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            110232371                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17523178                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      7238822                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21800991                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       2881513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4429486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10664242                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       923619                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    213963142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      192162151     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         778873      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1594662      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         667923      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        3626100      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3223181      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         626362      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1305478      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9978412      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    213963142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077772                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489240                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      184750953                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5482857                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21721678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        68531                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      1939117                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1537050                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          490                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    129255606                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2713                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      1939117                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      184938741                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3948479                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       947467                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21615756                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       573576                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    129189710                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           91                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       243851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       208421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3675                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    151672294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    608505306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    608505306                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    134637583                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       17034646                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        14987                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7556                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1447630                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     30488980                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     15424846                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140127                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       748326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        128940580                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15033                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       124019408                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        63865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9871946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23619882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    213963142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169917643     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13172799      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10830704      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4675841      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5935446      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5748543      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3263255      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257639      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161272      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    213963142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313970     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2447273     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71034      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77794095     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1083605      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7428      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29742826     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15391454     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    124019408                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550431                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2832277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464898100                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138830726                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    122963456                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    126851685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       222961                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1162243                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          492                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3174                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        90525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10994                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      1939117                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       3623804                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163702                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128955681                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30488980                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15424846                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7559                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111564                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3174                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       535975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541510                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1077485                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123153021                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29641641                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       866387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  68                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           45031826                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16134549                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         15390185                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546585                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            122967407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           122963456                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        66403201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       130806491                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545744                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507645                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99934039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    117439311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11529214                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14971                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       939106                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212024025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169455797     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15520668      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7286212      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7207037      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1960534      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8386101      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626223      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456495      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1124958      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212024025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     99934039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    117439311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             44661049                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            29326728                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15508713                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       104431646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1137590                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1124958                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          339867293                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         259876399                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4074574                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              11350269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          99934039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           117439311                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     99934039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.254621                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.254621                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443533                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443533                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      608857380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     142792909                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     153943793                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        14948                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18263907                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14937980                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1782706                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7605115                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7209227                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1879953                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79398                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177314635                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            103638038                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18263907                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9089180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21721548                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5173890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3099581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10901632                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1796629                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    205487854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      183766306     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1178408      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1864004      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2963200      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1225865      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1371920      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1461633      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         951774      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10704744      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    205487854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081060                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.459973                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      175679010                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      4748004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21654002                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        55182                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3351653                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      2993068                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          439                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    126552546                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3351653                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      175949877                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1522858                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2443606                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21443538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       776319                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    126480811                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents        22888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       216376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       293826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        37586                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    175609818                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    588386963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    588386963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    150001930                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25607885                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        32231                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2335132                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12047290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6477506                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195375                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1471559                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        126304288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32319                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       119577198                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       146238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15967183                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35462438                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3067                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205487854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155068638     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20238522      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11064426      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7542698      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7054701      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2027536      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1584327      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536764      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370242      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205487854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27995     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85971     38.60%     51.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108734     48.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100174961     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1891312      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14503      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11050082      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6446340      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    119577198                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530715                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            222700                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445011188                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142305086                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117657661                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    119799898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       360278                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2147182                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          304                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1328                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       184066                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7484                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3351653                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1019451                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106850                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126336733                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12047290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6477506                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17708                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1328                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043204                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1015942                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2059146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117877094                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10394506                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1700104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           16839250                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16584984                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6444744                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523169                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            117658583                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           117657661                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        68795506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       179718920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522196                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88111967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    108001841                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18335096                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29252                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1820463                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202136201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158288993     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21235904     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8266486      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4454372      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3335320      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1863161      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1147617      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1027722      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2516626      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202136201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88111967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    108001841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16193546                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             9900106                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             14594                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15503328                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        97317437                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2193934                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2516626                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          325955927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         256025709                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2860617                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19825558                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88111967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           108001841                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88111967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.557126                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.557126                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391064                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391064                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      531586797                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     163097403                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     118043574                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        29226                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17109761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15274963                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1358960                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11382605                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11158912                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1026133                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40954                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180754181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             97187737                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17109761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     12185045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21667502                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       4467221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2735375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10932518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1333834                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    208257670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      186590168     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3303937      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1667705      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3269084      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1047753      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3018987      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         476364      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         770913      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        8112759      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    208257670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075938                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431345                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      178459206                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5071436                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21625107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        17306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3084611                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1618008                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        16001                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    108718505                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        30340                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3084611                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      178714392                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3081982                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1210722                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21391197                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       774762                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    108562626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        84069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       625798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    142278797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    492024392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    492024392                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    115401058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       26877719                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        14572                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1659455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     19574448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3184619                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20694                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       727523                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        108005720                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14624                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       101143193                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64854                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19476618                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39872046                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208257670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163875525     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14034676      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14801445      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8620624      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4440402      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1111040      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1316940      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30837      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26181      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208257670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        168944     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69353     23.48%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57116     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79313892     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792776      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7200      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17871709     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3157616      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    101143193                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.448900                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295413                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410904323                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127497208                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98583063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    101438606                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        78552                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3982345                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          254                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78462                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3084611                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2058260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95909                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108020420                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19574448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3184619                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7372                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36595                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2083                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          254                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       915145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       525835                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1440980                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99869313                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17621193                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1273880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20778666                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       15181768                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3157473                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.443246                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             98605627                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            98583063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        59648522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       129906958                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.437537                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.459163                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78523016                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     88406914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19617912                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1350410                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205173059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172256358     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12931747      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8307350      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2618284      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4339961      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847774      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537121      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491537      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2842927      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205173059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     78523016                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     88406914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18698255                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            15592098                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         13564424                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        77260988                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1105878                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2842927                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          310354672                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         219136745                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4014685                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              17055742                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          78523016                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            88406914                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     78523016                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.869393                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.869393                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.348506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.348506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      464213248                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     128446190                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     115469454                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        14504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18590964                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15211676                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1811063                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7678038                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7317967                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919786                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82495                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178911501                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            103970621                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18590964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9237753                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            21698612                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       4945572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4237010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10943265                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1813129                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    207958015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      186259403     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1010160      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1605916      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2174243      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2236624      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1895736      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1065658      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1576036      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10134239      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    207958015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082512                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      177090584                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6073204                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        21660150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        23543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3110531                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3060348                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          365                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    127574816                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1909                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3110531                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      177576514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1243722                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      3715994                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21204147                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1107104                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    127531560                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       149872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       483440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    177939582                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    593314905                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    593314905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    154309730                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       23629852                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        31504                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16333                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3294926                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     11930382                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6470293                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75860                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1549469                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        127379132                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31618                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       120960978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16582                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14080581                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33745458                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1026                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207958015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156764103     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21060973     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10652971      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8045308      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6322773      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2564372      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1597940      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       839053      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110522      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207958015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23341     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73672     36.79%     48.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103221     51.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101729063     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1808341      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15167      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10958151      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6450256      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    120960978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536857                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200234                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450096787                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141491826                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119162482                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    121161212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       244470                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1906087                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          499                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93245                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3110531                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        993777                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127410883                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        33089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11930382                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6470293                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16337                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90542                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          499                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1053378                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1019111                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2072489                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119307213                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10311556                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1653765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           16761561                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16951761                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6450005                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529517                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            119162700                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           119162482                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        68405184                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       184321983                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528874                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89952269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    110684891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16726017                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1833986                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204847484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159436915     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22512829     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8495443      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4057426      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3419135      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1959667      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1709064      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       776401      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2480604      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204847484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     89952269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    110684891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16401343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10024295                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15262                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15960827                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        99725820                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2279230                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2480604                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          329777164                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         257932400                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2707272                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              17355397                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          89952269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           110684891                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     89952269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.504811                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.504811                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.399232                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.399232                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      536976248                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     165986577                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     118270810                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        30564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18276674                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14948371                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1782682                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7531993                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7205266                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1878632                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79004                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177293664                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            103746181                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18276674                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9083898                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21736793                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5191843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3100949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10902155                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1796658                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    205501496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      183764703     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1180716      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1860260      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2963864      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1225414      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1367241      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1466485      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         954423      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10718390      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    205501496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      175659009                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      4748437                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21669026                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        55374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3369647                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2995614                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          445                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    126681022                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2866                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3369647                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      175930877                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1520398                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2441964                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21457581                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       781026                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    126608387                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        22173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       218363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       293923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40356                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    175774671                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    588986774                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    588986774                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    149967471                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25807164                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        32112                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17613                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2338414                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12057853                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6480419                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1473496                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        126429081                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32198                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       119612948                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147101                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16120613                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35917618                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2954                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205501496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155079728     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20232177      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11058523      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7549176      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7061317      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2030069      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1583217      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537030      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370259      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205501496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27846     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86943     38.86%     51.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108933     48.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100203346     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1893571      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14499      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11051929      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6449603      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    119612948                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530874                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223722                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445098211                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142583180                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117692865                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    119836670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       359633                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2160037                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          300                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1316                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       188463                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7464                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3369647                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1021100                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106060                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126461403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12057853                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6480419                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17589                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        77853                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1316                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041014                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018604                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2059618                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117914173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10394185                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1698771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16842231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16585421                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6448046                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523334                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            117693788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           117692865                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        68815174                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       179810207                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522352                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382710                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88091641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    107976971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18484609                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1820428                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202131849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158295763     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21231129     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8263000      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4453330      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3335584      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1861306      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1147499      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1027912      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2516326      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202131849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88091641                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    107976971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16189769                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             9897813                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             14590                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15499790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        97294981                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2193423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2516326                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          326076518                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         256293022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2860906                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19811916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88091641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           107976971                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88091641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.557716                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.557716                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      531733156                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163142172                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     118153282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        29218                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              225313412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18322729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15023315                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1793235                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7745511                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7175741                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1884433                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80967                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175060008                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            104103790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18322729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9060174                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22909767                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5066429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5756364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10778803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1779500                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    206971306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      184061539     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2481385      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2865746      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1582673      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1836839      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1005206      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         681757      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1772711      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10683450      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    206971306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081321                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.462040                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      173658818                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      7184402                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22730319                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       169459                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3228305                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      2975511                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        16862                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    127095729                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        83725                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3228305                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      173924358                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2520715                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3909596                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22645275                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       743054                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    127018703                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       195586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       345468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    176525929                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    591432669                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    591432669                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    151028566                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25497363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        33713                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18994                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1987247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12130430                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6611692                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173498                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1458365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        126837006                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33798                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       119980201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166658                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15659850                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36074854                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4133                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206971306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156402317     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20353041      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10932266      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7550405      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6607397      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3391883      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       810873      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527820      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395304      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206971306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31822     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111208     42.77%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117008     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100425761     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1875746      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14707      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11098878      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6565109      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    119980201                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.532504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            260038                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002167                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447358404                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142531786                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118002985                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    120240239                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       304964                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2123367                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          713                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       136911                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7355                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3228305                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2090775                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       128833                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126870914                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        44556                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12130430                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6611692                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18981                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042864                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1003276                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2046140                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118221974                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10424093                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1758227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 110                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           16987697                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16548409                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6563604                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.524700                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            118004926                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           118002985                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        70137857                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       183666851                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.523728                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381875                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88688440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    108808952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18063143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29665                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1803666                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203743001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159297470     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20608900     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8636037      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5190544      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3595723      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2322839      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1201650      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969345      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1920493      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203743001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     88688440                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    108808952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16481844                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10007063                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             14800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15572072                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        98095873                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2213667                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1920493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          328694005                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         256972567                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2677412                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              18342106                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          88688440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           108808952                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     88688440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.540505                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.540505                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393623                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393623                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      533328208                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     163778333                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     118627626                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        29638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         304458                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.675886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1885772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         337224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.592046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           235.826178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.926546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2521.996322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.707327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1572.563948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.877473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1197.593473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.152588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1193.491208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.651185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1649.678691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.809508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1566.216520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.175933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2503.816263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.872182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1158.011584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.842560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1614.924431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.589636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   934.259660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.034207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2509.640767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.202840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2094.093076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.380296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1557.885324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     4.442224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1189.271708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.492717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2080.535284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.902968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1610.589310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           398.449627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           328.781979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           292.249378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           291.482584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           337.437523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           333.655899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           415.215620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           315.754006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           356.143195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           286.337152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           388.515233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           387.007357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           337.765241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           294.517054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           405.037982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           353.872122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.076965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.036548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.036422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.050344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.047797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.076410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.035340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.049284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.028511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.076588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.063907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.047543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.036294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.063493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.049151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.012160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.008919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.008895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.012671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.010869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.008738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.011857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.012361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        42980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  513768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           161554                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                161554                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1753                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        43047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   515521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31732                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23847                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31975                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31741                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43476                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23826                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22731                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        43047                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31664                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23820                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  515521                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                304288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 304329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28751                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17525                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17581                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9994                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25801                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25786                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17354                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                304329                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6024824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4606571555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5357577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2805139358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6737460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2028161129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6680159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2032392277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5312313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2795435612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5091488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2797236592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6263170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4597605595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6433498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2033653338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5864589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2835346151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5640377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1612065627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6341637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4667691945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5826362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4167645935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5442622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2805952982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6551909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2035515380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5856779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4163204922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5919983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2804241015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48883204160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       958682                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       974764                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       180234                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1071198                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       951685                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       316047                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       130558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1009532                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       995687                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       6588387                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6024824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4607530237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5357577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2805139358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6737460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2028161129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6680159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2032392277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5312313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2796410376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5091488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2797416826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6263170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4598676793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6433498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2033653338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5864589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2836297836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5640377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1612065627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6341637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4668007992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5826362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4167776493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5442622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2806962514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6551909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2035515380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5856779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4163204922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5919983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2805236702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      48889792547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6024824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4607530237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5357577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2805139358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6737460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2028161129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6680159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2032392277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5312313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2796410376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5091488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2797416826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6263170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4598676793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6433498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2033653338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5864589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2836297836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5640377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1612065627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6341637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4668007992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5826362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4167776493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5442622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2806962514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6551909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2035515380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5856779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4163204922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5919983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2805236702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     48889792547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        49211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        49195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        72102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              818056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       161554                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            161554                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        49272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        49339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        72171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               819850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        49272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        49277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        49266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        49339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        72171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              819850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.398627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.357210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.402340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.371965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.086957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016129                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.086957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.028986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008403                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.107692                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.022854                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.398329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.305393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.401589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.371201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.398329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.305393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.401589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.371201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154482.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160256.446512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148821.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 159928.127594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160415.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160025.337620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159051.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160625.328144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151780.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161623.243062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149749.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 159623.179183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149123.095238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160267.912120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156914.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160458.682184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154331.289474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161328.372745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156677.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161303.344707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154674.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 160280.610707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149393.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161536.664147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151183.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 159755.920178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155997.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160441.032553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150173.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161452.141550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159999.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161646.357793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160647.821012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 159780.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162460.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       180234                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       178533                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 158614.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158023.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       130558                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 144218.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165947.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160692.365854                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154482.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160256.347153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148821.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 159928.127594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160415.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160025.337620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159051.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160625.328144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151780.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161623.533464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149749.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 159624.355264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149123.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160271.731537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156914.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160458.682184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154331.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161327.446448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156677.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161303.344707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154674.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 160280.455707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149393.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161535.463470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151183.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 159749.730465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155997.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160441.032553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150173.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161452.141550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159999.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161647.844993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160647.827013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154482.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160256.347153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148821.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 159928.127594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160415.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160025.337620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159051.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160625.328144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151780.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161623.533464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149749.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 159624.355264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149123.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160271.731537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156914.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160458.682184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154331.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161327.446448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156677.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161303.344707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154674.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 160280.455707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149393.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161535.463470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151183.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 159749.730465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155997.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160441.032553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150173.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161452.141550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159999.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161647.844993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160647.827013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                83191                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     83191                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           304288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            304329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        29124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           304329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3757799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2933281811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3263610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1783494223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4296280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1290159781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4240642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1295602631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3278481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1788058917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3114264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1776416274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3820603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2927732161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4055249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1295598973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3652213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1811846999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3543165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1030109053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3959007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2972627968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3557720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2665336706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3349241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1782855759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4111177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1296747755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3582348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2661688322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3769627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1793874757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31164783516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       608903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       624676                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       121805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       721373                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       601588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       199290                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        72758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       602382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       645229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4198004                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3757799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2933890714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3263610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1783494223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4296280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1290159781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4240642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1295602631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3278481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1788683593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3114264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1776538079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3820603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2928453534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4055249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1295598973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3652213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1812448587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3543165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1030109053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3959007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2972827258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3557720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2665409464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3349241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1783458141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4111177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1296747755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3582348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2661688322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3769627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1794519986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31168981520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3757799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2933890714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3263610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1783494223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4296280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1290159781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4240642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1295602631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3278481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1788683593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3114264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1776538079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3820603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2928453534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4055249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1295598973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3652213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1812448587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3543165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1030109053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3959007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2972827258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3557720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2665409464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3349241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1783458141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4111177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1296747755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3582348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2661688322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3769627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1794519986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31168981520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.398627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.347964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.356150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.357210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.402340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.371965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.086957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.086957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.028986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.107692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.398329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.305393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.401589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.371201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.398329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.305393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.403542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.356880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.401589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.371201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96353.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102044.940372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90655.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101681.540650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102292.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101795.785151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100967.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102394.896941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93670.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103379.909632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        91596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101370.479000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90966.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102057.801827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98908.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102224.946584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96110.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103092.290128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98421.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103072.748949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96561.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102074.993750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91223.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103307.624264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93034.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101506.249089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97885.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102210.747616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91855.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103222.226092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101881.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103405.277669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102418.707001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101483.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104112.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       121805                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120228.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100264.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        99645                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        72758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86054.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107538.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102390.341463                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96353.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102044.823276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90655.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101681.540650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102292.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101795.785151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100967.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102394.896941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93670.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103380.163738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        91596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101371.645021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90966.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102061.601575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98908.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102224.946584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96110.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103091.325124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98421.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103072.748949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96561.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102074.826878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91223.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103306.440215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93034.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101500.093393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97885.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102210.747616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91855.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103222.226092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101881.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103406.706581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102418.703180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96353.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102044.823276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90655.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101681.540650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102292.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101795.785151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100967.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102394.896941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93670.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103380.163738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        91596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101371.645021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90966.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102061.601575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98908.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102224.946584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96110.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103091.325124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98421.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103072.748949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96561.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102074.826878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91223.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103306.440215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93034.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101500.093393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97885.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102210.747616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91855.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103222.226092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101881.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103406.706581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102418.703180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              579.549783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010676023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1733578.084048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.519956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.029828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.061731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10668133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10668133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10668133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10668133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10668133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10668133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9286973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9286973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9286973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9286973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9286973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9286973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10668187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10668187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10668187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10668187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10668187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10668187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171980.981481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171980.981481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171980.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171980.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171980.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171980.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7388708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7388708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7388708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7388708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7388708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7388708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 184717.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184717.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 184717.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184717.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 184717.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184717.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72179                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432108045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                72435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5965.459308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.878495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.121505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27993929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27993929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43323852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43323852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43323852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43323852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       256163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       256163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       256163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       256163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30637662865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30637662865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21527737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21527737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30659190602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30659190602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30659190602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30659190602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28249864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28249864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43580015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43580015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43580015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43580015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119708.765370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119708.765370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94419.899123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94419.899123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119686.256805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119686.256805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119686.256805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119686.256805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7944441227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7944441227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5513567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5513567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7949954794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7949954794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7949954794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7949954794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110171.144460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110171.144460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 79906.768116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79906.768116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110142.213026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110142.213026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110142.213026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110142.213026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              560.250016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              898748202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1593525.180851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.092168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.157848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.056237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10932355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10932355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10932355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10932355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10932355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10932355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6960662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6960662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6960662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6960662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6960662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6960662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10932398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10932398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10932398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10932398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10932398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10932398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161875.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161875.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161875.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161875.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161875.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161875.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5994285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5994285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5994285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5994285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5994285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5994285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162007.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162007.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162007.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162007.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162007.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162007.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                49272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              216608980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                49528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4373.465111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   200.223918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    55.776082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.782125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.217875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16092147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16092147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3091128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3091128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7302                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7302                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19183275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       19183275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19183275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      19183275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       171845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          290                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          290                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       172135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       172135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       172135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       172135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19401239351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19401239351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25141189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25141189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19426380540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19426380540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19426380540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19426380540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16263992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16263992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3091418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3091418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19355410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19355410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19355410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19355410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112899.644162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112899.644162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86693.755172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86693.755172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112855.494467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112855.494467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112855.494467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112855.494467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            5872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        49211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        49272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        49272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5116717039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5116717039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4170380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4170380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5120887419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5120887419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5120887419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5120887419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103975.067343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103975.067343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68366.885246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68366.885246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103930.983500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103930.983500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103930.983500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103930.983500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.228186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              981395183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1890934.842004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    43.228186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.069276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10944821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10944821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10944821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10944821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10944821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10944821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10666892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10666892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10666892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10666892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10666892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10666892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10944874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10944874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10944874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10944874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10944874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10944874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 201262.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201262.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 201262.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 201262.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 201262.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 201262.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8928580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8928580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8928580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8928580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8928580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8928580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 202922.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202922.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 202922.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202922.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 202922.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202922.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                36509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              160527553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                36765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4366.314511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.743531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.256469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7538051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7538051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6346607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6346607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16294                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15284                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15284                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     13884658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       13884658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     13884658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      13884658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       116778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          795                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          795                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       117573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       117573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       117573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       117573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14329203462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14329203462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     70171513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70171513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14399374975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14399374975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14399374975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14399374975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7654829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7654829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6347402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6347402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14002231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14002231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14002231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14002231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122704.648667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122704.648667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 88266.054088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88266.054088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122471.783275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122471.783275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122471.783275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122471.783275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3748689792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3748689792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9375302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9375302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3758065094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3758065094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3758065094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3758065094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103062.430704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103062.430704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68936.044118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68936.044118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102935.306198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102935.306198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102935.306198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102935.306198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              517.792516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              981394403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1890933.339114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    42.792516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.068578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10944041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10944041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10944041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10944041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10944041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10944041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10173179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10173179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10173179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10173179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10173179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10173179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10944091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10944091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10944091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10944091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10944091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10944091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 203463.580000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 203463.580000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 203463.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 203463.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 203463.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 203463.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8986436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8986436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8986436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8986436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8986436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8986436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204237.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204237.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204237.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204237.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204237.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204237.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                36500                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              160525361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                36756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4367.324002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.742787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.257213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7536228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7536228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6346244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6346244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15281                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15281                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     13882472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       13882472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     13882472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      13882472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       116861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       117665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       117665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       117665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       117665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14367734895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14367734895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70267842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70267842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14438002737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14438002737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14438002737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14438002737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7653089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7653089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6347048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6347048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16291                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15281                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15281                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14000137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14000137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14000137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14000137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122947.218448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122947.218448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87397.813433                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87397.813433                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122704.310857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122704.310857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122704.310857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122704.310857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        80498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3756869538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3756869538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9277636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9277636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3766147174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3766147174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3766147174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3766147174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103315.720320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103315.720320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67719.970803                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67719.970803                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103182.114356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103182.114356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103182.114356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103182.114356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.397334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              982459129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1896639.245174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.397334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10779788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10779788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10779788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10779788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10779788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10779788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7588947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7588947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7588947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7588947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7588947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7588947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10779834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10779834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10779834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10779834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10779834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10779834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164977.108696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164977.108696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164977.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164977.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164977.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164977.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6085669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6085669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6085669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6085669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6085669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6085669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169046.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169046.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169046.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169046.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169046.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169046.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                49277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166473377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                49533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3360.857953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.017631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.982369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7609531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7609531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6437228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6437228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14046759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14046759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14046759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14046759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       169173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       172890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       172890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       172890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       172890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21929571532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21929571532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    464774185                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    464774185                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22394345717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22394345717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  22394345717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22394345717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7778704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7778704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6440945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6440945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14812                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14219649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14219649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14219649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14219649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129628.082093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129628.082093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125040.135862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125040.135862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129529.444832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129529.444832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129529.444832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129529.444832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           16948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       120040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       120040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       123613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       123613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        49277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5121138434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5121138434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10288945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10288945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5131427379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5131427379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5131427379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5131427379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104230.118942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104230.118942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 71451.006944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71451.006944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104134.329992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104134.329992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104134.329992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104134.329992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              559.250932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              898750022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1599199.327402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.217933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.033000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10934175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10934175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10934175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10934175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10934175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10934175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6541035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6541035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6541035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6541035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6541035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6541035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10934217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10934217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10934217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10934217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10934217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10934217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155738.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155738.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155738.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155738.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155738.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155738.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5595733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5595733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5595733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5595733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5595733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5595733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159878.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159878.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159878.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159878.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159878.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159878.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                49266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              216602490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                49522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4373.863939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   199.674984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    56.325016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.779980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.220020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16086264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16086264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3090509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3090509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19176773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       19176773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19176773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      19176773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       171897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       172196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       172196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19400496051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19400496051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     27630726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27630726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19428126777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19428126777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19428126777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19428126777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16258161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16258161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3090808                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3090808                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7313                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7313                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19348969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19348969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19348969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19348969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112861.167158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112861.167158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92410.454849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92410.454849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112825.656676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112825.656676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112825.656676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112825.656676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            5813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       122693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       122930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       122930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        49266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5111255446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5111255446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4346012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4346012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5115601458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5115601458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5115601458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5115601458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103878.860377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103878.860377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 70096.967742                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70096.967742                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103836.346730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103836.346730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103836.346730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103836.346730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              580.959707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1010677808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1724706.156997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    40.914904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   540.044803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.065569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.865456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10669918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10669918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10669918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10669918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10669918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10669918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8545706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8545706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8545706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8545706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8545706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8545706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10669971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10669971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10669971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10669971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10669971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10669971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161239.735849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161239.735849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161239.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161239.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161239.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161239.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7126676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7126676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7126676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7126676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7126676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7126676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165736.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165736.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165736.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165736.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165736.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165736.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                72169                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              432089265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                72425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5966.023680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.878648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.121352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     27982393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27982393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15322683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15322683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     43305076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       43305076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     43305076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      43305076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       255733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       255960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       255960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       255960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       255960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  30644147161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30644147161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     22971871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22971871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  30667119032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30667119032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  30667119032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30667119032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     28238126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28238126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15322910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15322910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     43561036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43561036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     43561036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43561036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119828.677414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119828.677414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101197.669604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101197.669604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119812.154368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119812.154368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119812.154368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119812.154368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           13595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       183633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       183791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       183791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7936483772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7936483772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5721436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5721436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7942205208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7942205208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7942205208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7942205208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110076.057864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110076.057864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82919.362319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82919.362319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110050.093641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110050.093641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110050.093641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110050.093641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.206401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              981394085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1894583.175676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    42.206401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.067638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10943723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10943723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10943723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10943723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10943723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10943723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10408328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10408328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10408328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10408328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10408328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10408328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10943775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10943775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10943775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10943775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10943775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10943775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 200160.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200160.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 200160.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200160.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 200160.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200160.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8857775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8857775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8857775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8857775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8857775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8857775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205994.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205994.767442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205994.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205994.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205994.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205994.767442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                36500                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              160530244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                36756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4367.456851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.743869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.256131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7540156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7540156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6347110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6347110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16378                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16378                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15283                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15283                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13887266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       13887266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13887266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      13887266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       116842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       117610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       117610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       117610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       117610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14333270099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14333270099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     68591230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68591230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14401861329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14401861329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14401861329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14401861329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7656998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7656998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6347878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6347878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16378                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16378                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15283                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15283                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14004876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14004876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14004876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14004876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122672.241993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122672.241993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89311.497396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89311.497396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122454.394431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122454.394431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122454.394431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122454.394431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        80474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        81110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        81110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3753239153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3753239153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9302055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9302055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3762541208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3762541208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3762541208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3762541208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103201.692504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103201.692504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70470.113636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70470.113636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103083.320767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103083.320767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103083.320767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103083.320767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.976493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              982455857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1885711.817658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.976493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10776516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10776516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10776516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10776516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10776516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10776516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7831468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7831468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7831468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7831468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7831468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7831468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10776564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10776564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10776564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10776564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10776564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10776564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163155.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163155.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163155.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163155.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163155.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163155.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6478573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6478573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6478573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6478573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6478573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6478573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166117.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166117.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166117.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166117.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166117.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166117.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                49339                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166465739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                49595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3356.502450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.181744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.818256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7603759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7603759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6435355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6435355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14039114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14039114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14039114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14039114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       169188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       172915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       172915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       172915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       172915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21973019710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21973019710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    463750498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    463750498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22436770208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22436770208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22436770208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22436770208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7772947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7772947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6439082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6439082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        14808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14212029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14212029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14212029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14212029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 129873.393562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129873.393562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124429.969949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124429.969949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 129756.066322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129756.066322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 129756.066322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129756.066322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           16759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       119993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       123576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       123576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        49195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        49339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        49339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5153268161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5153268161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10253843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10253843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5163522004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5163522004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5163522004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5163522004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104751.868300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104751.868300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 71207.243056                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71207.243056                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104653.965504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104653.965504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104653.965504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104653.965504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              492.471554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              984611237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1997183.036511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.471554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11027676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11027676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11027676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11027676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11027676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11027676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7956527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7956527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7956527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7956527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7956527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7956527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11027727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11027727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11027727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11027727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11027727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11027727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156010.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156010.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156010.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156010.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156010.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156010.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6208886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6208886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6208886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6208886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6208886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6208886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163391.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163391.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163391.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163391.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163391.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163391.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                32725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158107373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                32981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4793.892635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.277459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.722541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8795935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8795935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6534683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6534683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16864                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16864                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15897                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15897                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15330618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15330618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15330618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15330618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        83938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        85825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        85825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        85825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        85825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9018734401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9018734401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    125251291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    125251291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9143985692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9143985692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9143985692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9143985692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8879873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8879873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6536570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6536570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16864                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16864                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15897                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15897                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15416443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15416443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15416443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15416443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107445.190510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107445.190510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66375.882883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66375.882883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106542.216044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106542.216044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106542.216044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106542.216044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        56097                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 11219.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        51402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        53100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        53100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3222698135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3222698135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14227164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14227164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3236925299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3236925299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3236925299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3236925299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99050.225443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99050.225443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        75276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98912.919756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98912.919756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98912.919756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98912.919756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              581.132287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1010672078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1727644.577778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    40.102492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.029795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.064267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10664188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10664188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10664188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10664188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10664188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10664188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9392867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9392867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9392867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9392867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9392867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9392867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10664242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10664242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10664242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10664242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10664242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10664242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173941.981481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173941.981481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173941.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173941.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 173941.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173941.981481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7595025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7595025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7595025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7595025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7595025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7595025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180833.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180833.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180833.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180833.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180833.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180833.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                72170                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              432076368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                72426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5965.763234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.877970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.122030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     27973261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27973261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15318922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15318922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     43292183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       43292183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     43292183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      43292183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       255556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       255783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       255783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       255783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       255783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  30745650864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30745650864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21210204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21210204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  30766861068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30766861068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  30766861068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30766861068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     28228817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28228817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15319149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15319149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7485                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7485                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     43547966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43547966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     43547966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43547966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120308.859365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120308.859365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93437.022026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93437.022026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120285.011389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120285.011389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120285.011389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120285.011389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           13240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       183453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       183611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       183611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        72103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        72172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        72172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7978744367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7978744367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5259944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5259944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7984004311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7984004311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7984004311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7984004311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110657.592153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110657.592153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 76231.072464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76231.072464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110624.678698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110624.678698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110624.678698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110624.678698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              528.767752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              987005097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1862273.767925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.767752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10901582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10901582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10901582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10901582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10901582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10901582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7530560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7530560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7530560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7530560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7530560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7530560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10901632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10901632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10901632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10901632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10901632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10901632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150611.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150611.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150611.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150611.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150611.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150611.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6264973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6264973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6264973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6264973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6264973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6264973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156624.325000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156624.325000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156624.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156624.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156624.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156624.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                64172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              175166506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                64428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2718.794717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.300471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.699529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.915236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.084764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7559516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7559516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6263195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6263195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17557                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17557                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13822711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       13822711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13822711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      13822711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       162973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       163697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       163697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       163697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       163697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19782143420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19782143420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62301279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62301279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19844444699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19844444699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19844444699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19844444699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7722489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7722489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6263919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6263919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17557                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17557                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        14613                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14613                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     13986408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13986408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     13986408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13986408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121382.949446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121382.949446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86051.490331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86051.490331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121226.685272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121226.685272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121226.685272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121226.685272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        98920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        99525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        99525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7009150206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7009150206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7991361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7991361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7017141567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7017141567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7017141567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7017141567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109427.352443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109427.352443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67154.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67154.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109348.961650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109348.961650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109348.961650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109348.961650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.397192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              898748321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1593525.391844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.068955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.328237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10932474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10932474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10932474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10932474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10932474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10932474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7213889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7213889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7213889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7213889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7213889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7213889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10932518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10932518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10932518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10932518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10932518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10932518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163952.022727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163952.022727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163952.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163952.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163952.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163952.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6151807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6151807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6151807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6151807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6151807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6151807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166265.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166265.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166265.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166265.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166265.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166265.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                49235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              216611051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                49491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4376.776606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   200.223806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    55.776194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.782124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.217876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16094156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16094156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3091181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3091181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7252                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7252                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19185337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       19185337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19185337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      19185337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       171707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       172026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       172026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       172026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       172026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19351391598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19351391598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     30054088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30054088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19381445686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19381445686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19381445686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19381445686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16265863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16265863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3091500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3091500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7252                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7252                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19357363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19357363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19357363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19357363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112700.073952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112700.073952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94213.442006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94213.442006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112665.792880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112665.792880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112665.792880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112665.792880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            5868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       122537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       122791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       122791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        49170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        49235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        49235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5112707358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5112707358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5116170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5116170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5117823528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5117823528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5117823528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5117823528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103980.218792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103980.218792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 78710.307692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78710.307692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103946.857479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103946.857479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103946.857479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103946.857479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.057934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              981393576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1890931.745665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    43.057934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.069003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10943214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10943214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10943214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10943214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10943214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10943214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10853060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10853060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10853060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10853060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10853060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10853060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10943265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10943265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10943265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10943265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10943265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10943265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212805.098039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212805.098039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212805.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212805.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212805.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212805.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9325064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9325064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9325064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9325064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9325064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9325064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 211933.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211933.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 211933.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211933.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 211933.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211933.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                36507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              160532384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                36763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4366.683459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.744636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.255364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7542619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7542619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6346952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6346952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15282                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15282                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13889571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       13889571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13889571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      13889571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       116671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       117450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       117450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       117450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       117450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14320166439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14320166439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     67040199                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67040199                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14387206638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14387206638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14387206638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14387206638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7659290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7659290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6347731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6347731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16214                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16214                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14007021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14007021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14007021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14007021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122739.724859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122739.724859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86059.305520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86059.305520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122496.437957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122496.437957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122496.437957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122496.437957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        80943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        80943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3756245138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3756245138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8995651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8995651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3765240789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3765240789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3765240789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3765240789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103270.149232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103270.149232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67131.723881                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67131.723881                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103137.502095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103137.502095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103137.502095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103137.502095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.170556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              987005616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1862274.747170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.170556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.061171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10902101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10902101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10902101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10902101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10902101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10902101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8002110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8002110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8002110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8002110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8002110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8002110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10902155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10902155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10902155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10902155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10902155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10902155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148187.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148187.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148187.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148187.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148187.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148187.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6364995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6364995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6364995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6364995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6364995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6364995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159124.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159124.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159124.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159124.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159124.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159124.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                64210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              175165869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                64466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2717.182220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.298791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.701209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7560505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7560505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6261712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6261712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17418                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14609                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14609                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13822217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13822217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13822217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13822217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       162947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          731                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          731                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       163678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       163678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       163678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       163678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19742926404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19742926404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     63342626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     63342626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19806269030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19806269030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19806269030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19806269030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7723452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7723452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6262443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6262443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17418                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        14609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13985895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13985895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13985895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13985895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121161.643995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121161.643995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86652.019152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86652.019152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121007.521047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121007.521047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121007.521047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121007.521047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        98857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        99468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        99468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7008752317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7008752317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8148332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8148332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7016900649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7016900649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7016900649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7016900649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109357.970307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109357.970307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67902.766667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67902.766667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109280.496013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109280.496013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109280.496013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109280.496013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              517.933774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              982458098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1889342.496154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.933774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.057586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10778757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10778757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10778757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10778757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10778757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10778757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7944572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7944572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7944572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7944572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7944572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7944572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10778803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10778803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10778803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10778803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10778803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10778803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172708.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172708.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172708.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172708.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172708.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172708.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6642806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6642806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6642806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6642806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6642806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6642806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174810.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174810.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174810.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174810.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174810.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174810.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                49179                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              166473413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                49435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3367.521250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.019274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.980726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7607311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7607311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6439363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6439363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16026                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16026                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14819                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14819                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14046674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14046674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14046674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14046674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       169175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       172895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       172895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       172895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       172895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21929232883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21929232883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    463663025                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    463663025                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22392895908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22392895908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22392895908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22392895908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7776486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7776486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6443083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6443083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16026                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16026                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        14819                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14819                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14219569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14219569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14219569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14219569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 129624.547853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129624.547853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124640.598118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124640.598118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 129517.313445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129517.313445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 129517.313445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129517.313445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           16820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       120140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       120140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       123716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       123716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5119892105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5119892105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10447292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10447292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5130339397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5130339397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5130339397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5130339397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104413.013256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104413.013256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 72550.638889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72550.638889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104319.717705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104319.717705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104319.717705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104319.717705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
