
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.101524                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                101523638571                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               627710623335                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 222645                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   284392                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1311188                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 77428.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17239101509                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22020151313                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1381632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3519104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2481280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2467456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2452736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1379456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1776768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1390208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2430464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2363648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3902080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2483584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3973376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2286464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2380800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1710720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             38457216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11673600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11673600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        10794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        27493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        19277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        19162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        10777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        13881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        10861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        18988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        18466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        30485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        31042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        17863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        18600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        13365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                300447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           91200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                91200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13608969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     34662903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24440416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24304251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24159260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13587535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        50432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17501028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13693441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23939883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23281750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        52953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     38435187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        46649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24463111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        52953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39137447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     22521494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23450696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16850460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               378800608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        50432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        52953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        46649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        52953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             762778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         114984059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              114984059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         114984059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13608969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        51692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     34662903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        47910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24440416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        42867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24304251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24159260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        46649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13587535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        50432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17501028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13693441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23939883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23281750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        52953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     38435187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        46649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24463111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        52953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39137447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        46649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     22521494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        42867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23450696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        51692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16850460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              493784666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22058563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18363448                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000974                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8472871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8082477                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375739                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93168                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191884793                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120980404                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22058563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10458216                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25227103                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5573285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6561805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11912872                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912406                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    227227833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      202000730     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547972      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952283      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3091350      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1310952      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1686809      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950164      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894183      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12793390      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    227227833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.496917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190753333                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      7802278                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25106700                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11934                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3553586                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3360124                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147908828                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3553586                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190947095                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        620822                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      6640057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24924826                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541443                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146994758                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        78151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205272651                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683609902                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683609902                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33386117                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35600                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18552                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1902544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13776374                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7202482                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81108                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1639068                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143524694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137737760                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17337852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35279305                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1340                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227227833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168860416     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26616745     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889974      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6103075      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8264387      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2543665      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2497066      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346467      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106038      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227227833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        937334     78.76%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129921     10.92%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122816     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116030823     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883276      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12625900      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7180714      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137737760                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565747                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190071                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008640                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504020762                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160898927                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134149215                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138927831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102266                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2604440                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          651                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103146                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553586                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        472278                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59380                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143560434                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13776374                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7202482                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18553                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51903                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          651                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126401                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2310114                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135336951                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12419576                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2400808                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19599616                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19143164                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7180040                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555885                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134149647                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134149215                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80389399                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215946124                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.551007                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372266                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20337708                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2018136                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223674247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171521260     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431870     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9594115      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782073      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4374042      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1833942      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819178      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866096      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451671      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223674247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451671                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          364782887                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290675652                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2907842                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16234131                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.434620                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.434620                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608948818                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187447378                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136780836                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19721085                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16126616                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1927464                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8365710                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7805259                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031059                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85848                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191551623                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            111840570                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19721085                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9836318                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23455477                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5572197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3346579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11777029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1942517                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    221956211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      198500734     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1273467      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2013249      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3190910      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1333700      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1497569      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1576261      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1032197      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11538124      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    221956211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081003                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459376                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      189811111                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5101353                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23381909                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        59784                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3602052                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3234915                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          455                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    136597861                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2942                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3602052                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      190091661                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1644502                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2639112                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23166480                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       812402                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    136519831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        24447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       235633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       303327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38163                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    189521130                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    635081101                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    635081101                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    162029818                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       27491312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        34775                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2451754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13022032                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6994375                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212212                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1591568                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        136331415                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34881                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       129128152                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158766                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17149028                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38002733                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3283                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221956211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167495743     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21861898      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11958446      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8148046      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7612755      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2200575      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698805      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581045      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398898      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221956211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30125     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93074     38.63%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117764     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108172662     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038473      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15666      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11940228      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6961123      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    129128152                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530383                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240963                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480612244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153516724                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127060638                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    129369115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       390078                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2327871                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          322                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1425                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196013                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8079                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3602052                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1102300                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       115978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136366425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51067                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13022032                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6994375                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19099                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85624                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1425                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1129336                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1095339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2224675                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127297968                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11229915                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1830184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18189326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17915568                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6959411                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522866                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            127061677                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           127060638                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74289770                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       194073096                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521891                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95175664                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    116661247                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19705351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31598                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1968275                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218354159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170992638     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22934746     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8930713      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4810996      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3606409      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011956      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1238336      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1110265      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2718100      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218354159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     95175664                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    116661247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17492523                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10694161                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15764                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16746225                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       105120544                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2369977                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2718100                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          352002020                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         276335453                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3090445                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              21505753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          95175664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           116661247                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     95175664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.558027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.558027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390926                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390926                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      574077952                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     176130376                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     127400901                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        31570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              243461878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19762884                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16210239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1941267                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8323537                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7737158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2029916                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188900225                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            112266234                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19762884                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9767074                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24712256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5485398                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6259373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11634472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1925649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    223385873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      198673617     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2677187      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3114771      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1707008      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1959029      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1085769      0.49%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         734499      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1907289      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11526704      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    223385873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081174                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461124                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      187370422                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      7818172                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24505774                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       195575                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3495928                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3203453                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18092                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    137043399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        89198                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3495928                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      187668910                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2827606                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4153788                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24415244                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       824395                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    136958303                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       212165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       383683                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    190384905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    637666602                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    637666602                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    162842872                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       27541917                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        36372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20494                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2203993                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13070910                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7123547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       187035                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1574007                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        136764181                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36471                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       129369463                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175804                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16873872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38840124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4480                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223385873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168847625     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21956703      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11792726      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8148289      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7121737      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3638582      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       885512      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       568081      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426618      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223385873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35408     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117612     42.11%     54.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126246     45.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108298745     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2021049      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15859      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11960699      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7073111      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    129369463                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531375                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279266                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482579869                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153675743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127227678                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    129648729                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327270                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2280569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          827                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1221                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       141993                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7931                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3495928                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2354802                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136800774                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13070910                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7123547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20491                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101491                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1221                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1131525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1083255                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2214780                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127460814                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11238103                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1908649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18309584                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17844393                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7071481                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523535                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            127229915                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           127227678                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        75631607                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       198000582                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522577                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381977                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95626224                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    117321802                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19480230                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31991                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1952506                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219889945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171959190     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22227155     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9312852      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5600199      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3874868      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2505938      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296424      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1045912      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2067407      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219889945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     95626224                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    117321802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17771887                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10790336                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15960                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16790686                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       105770410                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2386926                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2067407                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          354623920                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         277100136                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2894402                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              20076005                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          95626224                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           117321802                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     95626224                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.545974                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.545974                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392777                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392777                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      575015060                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     176594520                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     127922390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        31962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              243461961                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18483201                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16495425                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469258                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12238818                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12047586                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44284                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195175548                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            104964045                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18483201                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     13156485                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23391005                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       4827832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2969688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11805981                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442221                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    224886540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      201495535     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3563749      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1797808      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3521791      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1131464      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3260310      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         515761      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         839650      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        8760472      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    224886540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075918                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431131                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      192782820                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5406888                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23345213                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        18625                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3332990                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1753891                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        17309                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    117423563                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        32766                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3332990                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      193049731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3273900                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1314745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23098477                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       816693                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    117255976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        91442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       655370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    153675022                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    531405453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    531405453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    124610210                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       29064786                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        15744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7967                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1765443                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     21122363                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3439704                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21298                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       782999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        116644592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15802                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       109226183                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70887                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21055650                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43081985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224886540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176968063     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15144837      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15985588      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9307894      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4791569      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201013      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426153      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33155      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28268      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224886540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183391     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74912     23.41%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61709     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85662930     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856672      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7778      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19288141     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3410662      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    109226183                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.448638                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320012                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443729805                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137716323                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106459722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    109546195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85222                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4291861                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          286                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84194                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3332990                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2214382                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       100329                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116660479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5518                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21122363                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3439704                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7966                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39221                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          286                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991021                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568064                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1559085                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107843161                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19014624                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383022                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           22425141                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16393652                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3410517                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.442957                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            106483914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           106459722                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        64406172                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       140330878                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.437275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.458959                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84781418                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     95458262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21206941                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15686                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1459996                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221553550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186009302     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13966946      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8971758      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2823777      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4684898      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915523      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580055      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531396      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3069895      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221553550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     84781418                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     95458262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             20186005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            16830495                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         14645946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        83424643                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1194529                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3069895                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          335148546                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         236666043                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4335633                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              18575421                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          84781418                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            95458262                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     84781418                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.871643                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.871643                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.348233                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.348233                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      501257161                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     138716137                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     124698186                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        15672                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18481273                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16494040                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469463                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12259110                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12047799                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108765                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44302                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195194015                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            104952673                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18481273                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     13156564                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23390909                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       4827266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2970145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            2                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11806784                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    224904601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      201513692     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3564214      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1798464      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3521884      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1131536      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3260967      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         515094      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         838420      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        8760330      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    224904601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075910                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.431084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      192801391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5407203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23345031                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        18748                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3332224                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1753502                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17304                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    117415220                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        32788                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3332224                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      193068260                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3275747                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1314622                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23098740                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       815004                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    117246768                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        90968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       654369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    153658450                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    531370888                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    531370888                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    124613785                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       29044661                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        15738                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7961                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1762491                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     21121013                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3439883                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21366                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       784519                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        116635725                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15796                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       109222814                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21045062                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43053603                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224904601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176984757     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15145607      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15986766      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9308113      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4792875      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1200867      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1424097      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33233      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28286      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224904601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183263     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74976     23.43%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61758     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85662497     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856397      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7778      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19285427     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3410715      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    109222814                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.448624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319997                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443741284                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137696863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106456039                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    109542811                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        84578                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4289797                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          290                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84350                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3332224                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2217007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       100539                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116651608                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6014                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21121013                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3439883                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7960                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39314                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2216                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          290                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991170                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       567459                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1558629                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107837288                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19010616                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1385526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           22421144                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16392954                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3410528                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.442933                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            106480252                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           106456039                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        64403904                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       140336353                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.437259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.458925                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84784206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     95461100                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21195306                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15688                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1460213                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221572377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186027418     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13968576      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8970699      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2823229      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4685549      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914810      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580029      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531517      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3070550      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221572377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     84784206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     95461100                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20186749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            16831216                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         14646367                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        83427072                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1194535                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3070550                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          335157921                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         236647673                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4334821                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              18557363                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          84784206                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            95461100                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     84784206                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.871549                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.871549                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.348244                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.348244                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      501230772                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     138710477                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     124685125                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        15672                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22061556                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366648                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999851                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8494283                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8085374                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374637                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93201                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191901422                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            121000024                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22061556                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10460011                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25228733                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5566358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6543520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11912997                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911385                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    227222018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      201993285     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1547924      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1952521      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3093501      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1308885      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1688147      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1950432      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         894136      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12793187      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    227222018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090616                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496998                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      190769754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      7784177                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25108383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        11904                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3547798                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3359822                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    147914526                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2627                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3547798                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      190963783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        619447                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      6622829                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24926248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       541909                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    147000713                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        77784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       378361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    205283572                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    683635898                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    683635898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    171947286                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       33336286                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35635                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18581                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1905404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13764734                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7202997                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81367                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1632999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        143515970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35766                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       137754161                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126782                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17291823                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35142458                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1363                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227222018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168850285     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26618136     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10890971      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6100913      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8268262      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541009      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499499      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347287      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105656      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227222018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        937971     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128899     10.83%     89.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122899     10.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116046648     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883669      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17053      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12625725      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7181066      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    137754161                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.565814                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1189769                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008637                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504046891                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160844217                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134169752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    138943930                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102508                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2588835                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          660                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           17                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3547798                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        471179                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59520                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143551739                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13764734                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7202997                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18582                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52032                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          660                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182728                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1124303                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2307031                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135355301                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12420350                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2398860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           19600693                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19145979                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7180343                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555961                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            134170203                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           134169752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        80401733                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       215960493                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.551091                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372298                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100035387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    123266936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20285356                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2016989                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223674220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171506609     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26436450     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596395      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4783994      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4376313      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1837657      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818067      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866105      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452630      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223674220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    100035387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    123266936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18277753                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11175899                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17867247                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       110980395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2545443                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2452630                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          364773180                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         290652401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2905527                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              16239946                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         100035387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           123266936                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    100035387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.433758                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.433758                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410887                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410887                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      609047874                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     187472924                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     136802815                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        34374                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20068447                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16419865                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1957957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8214798                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7887229                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2074753                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89323                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193217794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            112263376                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20068447                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9961982                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23420798                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5351629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4571817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11819636                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1959864                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    224578585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      201157787     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1087241      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1728247      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2348232      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2416154      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        2045617      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1145349      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1703621      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10946337      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    224578585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461113                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      191248737                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6557576                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23378935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        25534                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3367802                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3304143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    137744918                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3367802                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      191770182                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1349662                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      4005002                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22889629                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1196305                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    137701001                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       163479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       521594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    192156158                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    640606737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    640606737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    166598907                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25557251                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        34105                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17729                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         3575219                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12878271                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6986498                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82435                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676784                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        137546558                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       130622390                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17812                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15201248                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36414321                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1195                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224578585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169298600     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22742159     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11506162      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8683999      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6828757      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2758116      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735561      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904912      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120319      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224578585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24807     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79502     36.71%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112286     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109856456     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951954      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16375      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11832923      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6964682      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    130622390                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.536521                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216595                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    486057772                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152782557                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128665325                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    130838985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       266991                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2055239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          528                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101161                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3367802                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1076905                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137580928                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12878271                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6986498                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17729                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          528                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1138084                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1102224                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2240308                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128820757                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11133495                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1801633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18097905                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18303777                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6964410                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529121                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            128665534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           128665325                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        73855497                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       199009454                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.528482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97116216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    119500563                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18080393                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33032                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1982725                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221210783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172183409     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24305877     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9174930      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4376855      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3691993      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115214      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1847075      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835671      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2679759      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221210783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     97116216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    119500563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17708369                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10823032                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17232077                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       107668666                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2460781                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2679759                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          356111304                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         278529776                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2926357                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              18883379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          97116216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           119500563                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     97116216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.506914                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.506914                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.398897                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.398897                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      579791266                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     179228285                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     127704684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        33004                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22061554                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18365893                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000500                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8470471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081088                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374233                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92970                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191872860                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            120986663                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22061554                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10455321                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25226658                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5572356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6550859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11912673                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912257                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    227204057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      201977399     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1549227      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1950896      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3092936      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1307767      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1687256      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1949448      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         894418      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12794710      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    227204057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090616                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496943                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      190740748                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7791511                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25106873                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        11793                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3553130                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3360715                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          550                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    147913757                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2271                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3553130                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      190934159                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        620971                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6629547                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24925342                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       540904                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    147003301                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        77807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       377542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    205281227                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    683626455                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    683626455                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171891967                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       33389260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35626                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18578                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1901973                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13774210                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7202774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81034                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143523975                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35759                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       137737873                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128423                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17334107                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35258547                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1367                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227204057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168842981     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26609118     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10893608      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6098343      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265040      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541786      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500414      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347200      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105567      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227204057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938673     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129834     10.90%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122847     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116034031     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883044      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12622993      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7180758      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    137737873                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565747                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191354                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503999580                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160894493                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134150762                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    138929227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102189                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2601925                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          654                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103229                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553130                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        472772                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59236                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143559742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13774210                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7202774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18578                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          654                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181150                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1127921                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2309071                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135336951                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12417373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2400922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19597448                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19143072                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7180075                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555885                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            134151183                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           134150762                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        80387406                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       215926725                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.551013                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100003106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    123227150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20333155                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34392                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2017639                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223650927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171499446     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26430872     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9591779      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4781739      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375133      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835098      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818848      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865703      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452309      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223650927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100003106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    123227150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18271830                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11172285                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17861477                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110944558                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2544612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2452309                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          364758221                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290673759                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2907196                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16257907                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100003106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           123227150                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100003106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.434544                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.434544                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410755                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410755                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      608947911                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     187447314                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     136786367                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        34364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18492774                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16502941                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469521                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12223764                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12049661                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108870                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44206                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195225879                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            105011770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18492774                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13158531                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23401092                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       4828828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2951582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11808965                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    224929587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      201528495     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3564882      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1799612      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3521765      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1132010      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3260760      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         514999      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         840727      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        8766337      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    224929587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075958                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.431327                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      192851245                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5370630                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23355152                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        18832                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3333724                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1755974                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17312                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    117482355                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        32807                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3333724                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      193116060                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       3248455                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1308869                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23110252                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       812223                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    117315526                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        91749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       650570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    153752412                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    531683338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    531683338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    124684178                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       29068208                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        15746                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7962                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1757504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     21130831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3442917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21775                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       785162                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        116703900                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15801                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       109281149                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70884                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21060122                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43089830                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224929587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176992999     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15145152      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15991449      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9313525      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4795836      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1204134      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1425103      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33220      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28169      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224929587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183514     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74901     23.39%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61821     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85710510     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857190      0.78%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7784      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19291666     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3413999      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    109281149                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.448863                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320236                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443883002                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137780101                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106514423                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    109601385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        87036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4293053                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84869                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3333724                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2199767                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        99748                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116719783                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5024                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21130831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3442917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7961                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2146                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989712                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       569563                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1559275                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107894926                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19018076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1386220                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           22431921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16402001                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3413845                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.443170                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            106538456                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           106514423                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        64441698                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       140434168                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.437499                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.458875                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84827896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     95512978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21211547                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15696                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1460261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221595863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186033395     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13973444      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8975297      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2825683      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4688914      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914763      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580661      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531194      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3072512      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221595863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     84827896                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     95512978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20195819                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            16837771                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         14654105                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        83473175                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1195431                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3072512                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          335247564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         236785392                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4336763                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              18532377                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          84827896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            95512978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     84827896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.870070                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.870070                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.348424                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.348424                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      501497535                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     138787650                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     124754692                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        15680                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              243461962                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19802751                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16238937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1941685                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8303919                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7746329                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2034720                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87544                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189082321                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            112497329                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19802751                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9781049                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24755305                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5497480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6139365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11646177                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1925854                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    223502773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      198747468     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2684799      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3105177      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1708856      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1966362      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1086436      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         735832      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1916136      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11551707      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    223502773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462074                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      187554079                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7696739                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24550155                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       194137                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3507661                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3214459                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18121                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    137338983                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        89637                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3507661                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      187852043                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2843852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4016481                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24458551                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       824183                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    137253549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       213319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       383183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    190764742                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    639042918                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    639042918                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    163069590                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       27695152                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36255                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20327                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2199646                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13108194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7139366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       188057                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1578113                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        137057764                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       129604978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182495                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16998591                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39183632                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4291                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223502773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168885526     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21973219      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11810796      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8162079      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7136895      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3653231      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       884023      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       569975      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       427029      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223502773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34871     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119524     42.67%     55.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125720     44.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108487209     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2024228      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15881      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11988687      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7088973      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    129604978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532342                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            280115                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    483175339                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154093912                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127452513                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    129885093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327964                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2302880                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          746                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1232                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       148143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7941                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3507661                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2365890                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142956                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137094213                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13108194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7139366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20329                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101210                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1232                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1128247                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1086166                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2214413                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127692359                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11257869                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1912619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18345300                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17872798                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7087431                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524486                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            127454643                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           127452513                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        75751324                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       198375326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523501                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381859                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95759269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    117485034                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19610457                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32035                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1952793                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219995112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172005910     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22250577     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9326089      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5606449      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3879322      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2508542      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1298075      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1046700      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2073448      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219995112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     95759269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    117485034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17796537                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10805314                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15982                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16814051                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       105917565                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2390247                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2073448                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          355016505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         277698712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2896920                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              19959189                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          95759269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           117485034                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     95759269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.542438                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.542438                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393323                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393323                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      576031627                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     176896910                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     128178971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        32006                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18940291                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17090910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       991439                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7192760                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6773748                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047820                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44008                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200844972                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            119162848                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18940291                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      7821568                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23561081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3109645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4818251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11526703                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996694                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    231317773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      207756692     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         839738      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1717997      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         722043      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        3919680      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3483780      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         676923      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1415463      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10785457      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    231317773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077796                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      199716517                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5958810                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23474533                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        74940                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2092968                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1662314                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          501                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    139728209                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2761                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2092968                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      199919965                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       4296653                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1024903                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23360032                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       623247                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    139656390                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       265699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       226230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3175                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    163954357                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    657815815                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    657815815                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    145569971                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       18384374                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16216                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1573078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     32960986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     16678291                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151994                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       809802                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        139389531                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16266                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       134079524                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69448                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10648904                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25493664                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231317773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183700494     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14242196      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11703770      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5059294      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6415649      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6215077      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3529467      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277485      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174341      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231317773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339303     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2646180     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76569      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84099690     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1171329      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8030      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32158181     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16642294     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    134079524                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550721                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3062052                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502608321                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150058109                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132938724                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    137141576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241141                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1252250                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          530                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3417                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98925                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11876                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2092968                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       3944100                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176967                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139405890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1306                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32960986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16678291                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120542                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3417                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578518                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584788                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1163306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133143647                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32049312                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       935877                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           48690298                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17444544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         16640986                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546877                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            132942948                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           132938724                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        71788668                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       141413946                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.546035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507649                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108048831                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    126975204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12443952                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16185                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1013197                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229224805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183200294     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16780284      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7877769      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7793584      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2118365      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9068337      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676118      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       493655      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1216399      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229224805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    108048831                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    126975204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             48288095                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            31708729                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8080                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16767890                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       112911364                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1229904                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1216399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          367427237                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         280931532                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4403531                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              12144191                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         108048831                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           126975204                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    108048831                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.253259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.253259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443802                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443802                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      658253853                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     154374523                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     166425413                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19782875                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16222292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939036                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8277190                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7736484                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032659                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87557                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188904425                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            112385168                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19782875                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9769143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24730308                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5490539                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      6215100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11634839                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1923655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    223371328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      198641020     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2683338      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3105419      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1707369      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1957663      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1085801      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         735700      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1913458      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11541560      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    223371328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081257                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461613                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      187369043                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      7779544                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24523086                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       196253                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3503400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3211540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18095                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    137194734                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        89480                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3503400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      187669059                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2861086                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4078103                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24431823                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       827855                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    137110305                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       214022                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       384324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    190574097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    638366716                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    638366716                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    162914476                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       27659621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        36105                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2209972                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13092548                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7134247                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       187715                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1578832                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        136913103                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36180                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       129480167                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       181592                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16963530                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39076969                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4178                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223371328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168803468     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21953452      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11800374      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8159402      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7127731      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3645806      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       886814      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       567325      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426956      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223371328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35054     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119134     42.56%     55.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125764     44.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108382375     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2022507      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15866      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11976775      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7082644      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    129480167                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.531829                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279952                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482793206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153914048                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127326756                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    129760119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327960                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2297488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          819                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1237                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       149663                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7931                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3503400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2381663                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143396                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136949401                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13092548                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7134247                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101659                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1237                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1127630                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1085203                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2212833                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127566283                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11248721                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1913884                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18329697                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17858372                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7080976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523968                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            127328976                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           127326756                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75682131                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       198165029                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381915                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95668160                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    117373344                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19577416                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32002                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1950156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219867928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171921057     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22233940     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9317047      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5600536      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3874209      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2506837      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1297949      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1045837      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2070516      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219867928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     95668160                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    117373344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17779644                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10795060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16798114                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       105816839                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2387980                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2070516                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          354747522                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         277404985                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2893893                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              20090636                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          95668160                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           117373344                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     95668160                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.544859                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.544859                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392949                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392949                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      575461484                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     176725845                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     128053920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        31972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18930857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17081910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       991803                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7166936                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6766342                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047444                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200682298                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            119100306                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18930857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7813786                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23550602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3114643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4803516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11518582                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996407                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    231134528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      207583926     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         841961      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1713254      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         725919      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3918122      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3482482      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         675941      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1411260      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10781663      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    231134528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077757                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489195                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199556708                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5941473                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23464258                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        74476                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2097608                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1661599                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    139652291                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2801                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2097608                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199759728                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       4277277                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1028358                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23349573                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       621979                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    139578128                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       265339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       225502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4060                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    163861557                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    657439457                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    657439457                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    145431179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       18430366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16686                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8660                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1569975                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     32938367                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     16664856                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152597                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       808752                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        139305798                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16736                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       133975562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69745                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10685964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25590506                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          566                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231134528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183553244     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14233959      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11694156      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5052562      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6411289      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6211567      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3525716      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277962      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174073      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231134528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339581     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2643946     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76603      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84036616     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170759      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8022      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32132374     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16627791     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    133975562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.550294                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3060130                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502215527                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150011901                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132834227                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    137035692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241624                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1258528                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          532                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3414                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100661                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2097608                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       3924730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139322606                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32938367                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16664856                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8663                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120320                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           97                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3414                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578388                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       585163                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1163551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133039732                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32023107                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       935830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  72                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           48649594                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17429740                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         16626487                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546450                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            132838422                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           132834227                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        71731530                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       141304824                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.545606                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507637                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107947111                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    126855440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12480988                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16170                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1013571                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229036920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183055691     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16765310      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7870373      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7785100      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2115766      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9060271      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676425      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492757      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215227      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229036920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    107947111                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    126855440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             48244027                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            31679832                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8072                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16752003                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       112804791                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1228676                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1215227                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          367157796                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         280770693                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4402540                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              12327436                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         107947111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           126855440                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    107947111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.255382                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.255382                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      657737336                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     154245222                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     166322807                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16146                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19791347                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16232904                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1943301                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8316550                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7748912                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2033897                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87547                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189227618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            112453830                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19791347                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9782809                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24754998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5489687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6194359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11654163                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1928152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    223693176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      198938178     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2685133      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3118213      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1710781      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1960818      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1086141      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         736637      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1909343      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11547932      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    223693176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081291                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461895                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      187692538                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7758269                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24548961                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       195319                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3498087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3208902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        18114                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    137275725                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        89685                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3498087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      187991308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2756430                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4165165                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24457803                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       824381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    137192210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       210498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       384697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    190718015                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    638772820                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    638772820                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    163149757                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       27568199                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        36289                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20382                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2203218                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13092956                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7135879                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       187647                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1575364                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        136996609                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       129599446                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       176376                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16882091                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38873744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4333                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223693176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169058435     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21995176      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11811680      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8165993      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7133182      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3646128      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       886068      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       568957      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       427557      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223693176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34695     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118164     42.33%     54.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126306     45.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108490822     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2024986      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15888      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11981486      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7086264      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    129599446                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532319                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279165                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    483347605                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153916310                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127453541                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    129878611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327962                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2282375                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          764                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1232                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       141284                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7946                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3498087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2284831                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137033109                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13092956                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7135879                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20378                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100902                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1232                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1132925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1084341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2217266                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127686796                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11256306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1912646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18340956                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17874789                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7084650                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524463                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            127455730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           127453541                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        75765861                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       198357813                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523505                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381966                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95806221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    117542617                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19491705                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32049                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1954576                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    220195089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172177524     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22266454     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9329482      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5609655      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3882327      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2511161      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1298789      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1047189      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2072508      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    220195089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     95806221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    117542617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17805176                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10810581                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15990                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16822292                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       105969482                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2391419                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2072508                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          355156253                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         277566831                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2898399                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19768788                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          95806221                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           117542617                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     95806221                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.541192                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.541192                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393516                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393516                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      576035045                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     176915824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     128136597                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        32018                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              243461831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18498383                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16508404                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468916                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12224803                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12054989                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1109969                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44353                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195310880                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            105051000                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18498383                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13164958                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23410478                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4826765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      2970262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11812932                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441845                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    225041202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      201630724     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3567257      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1800122      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3523631      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1131471      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3262426      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         514853      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         841298      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        8769420      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    225041202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075981                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431489                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      192927351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5398385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23364380                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        18824                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3332258                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1755927                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        17325                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    117524966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        32622                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3332258                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      193193177                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3272735                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1310778                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23118553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       813697                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    117356203                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        91515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       652298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    153807648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    531869734                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    531869734                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    124750724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29056786                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        15761                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7973                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1761852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     21136011                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3444587                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21544                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       786599                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        116745921                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15817                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       109329200                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71043                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21052349                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43066600                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225041202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177081319     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15153243      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16001283      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9316688      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4797255      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1203975      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1425874      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33332      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28233      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225041202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183430     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74904     23.40%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61800     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85745932     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857818      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7789      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19301990     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3415671      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    109329200                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.449061                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444090779                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137814359                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106564311                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    109649334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4289373                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          279                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84703                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3332258                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2218795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       100270                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116761810                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21136011                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3444587                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7970                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2232                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          279                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989594                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568403                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1557997                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107944914                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19027415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1384286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  72                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           22442921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16409993                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3415506                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.443375                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            106588437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           106564311                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        64470637                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       140487645                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437704                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458906                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84873033                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     95563820                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21202663                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15709                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1459641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221708944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186127145     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13980715      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8981211      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2827799      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4690117      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915436      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580513      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531504      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3074504      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221708944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     84873033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     95563820                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20206505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            16846629                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7838                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         14661847                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        83517668                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1196067                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3074504                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          335400611                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         236867964                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4336969                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              18420629                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          84873033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            95563820                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     84873033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.868542                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.868542                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348609                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348609                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      501734263                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     138853831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     124804155                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        15694                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              243461964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20058532                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16411458                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1962279                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8348113                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7899622                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2074530                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89343                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193324871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            112142911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20058532                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9974152                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23417668                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5342972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      4572979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11826992                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1963966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    224670706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      201253038     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1092909      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1736357      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2352833      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2416485      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2045750      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1138861      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1701918      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10932555      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    224670706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460618                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      191361321                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6553165                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23376039                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        25365                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3354815                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3302368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    137622025                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3354815                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      191883631                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1348611                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      4005351                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22885609                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1192686                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    137574508                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       162940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       520016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    191991348                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    639984094                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    639984094                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    166636496                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25354852                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        34312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3570945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12882028                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6981886                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82445                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1706744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        137415132                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34434                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       130585322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17814                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15049133                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35923081                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1396                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224670706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169360002     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22782962     10.14%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11530962      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8670889      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6810347      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2752011      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1738334      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       905270      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119929      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224670706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24812     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79492     36.74%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112049     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109828518     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1946809      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16378      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11833874      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6959743      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    130585322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216353                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    486075517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152499238                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128621758                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    130801675                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       265525                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2056601                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          144                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95039                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3354815                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1077087                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116895                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137449707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        32795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12882028                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6981886                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1100072                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2243103                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128777487                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11135395                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1807835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18094871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18304595                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6959476                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.528943                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            128621995                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           128621758                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        73834367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       198932545                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528303                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371153                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97138104                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    119527411                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17922347                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33038                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1987048                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221315891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172256526     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24330571     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9177315      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4376488      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3705658      1.67%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2116256      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1839051      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       837680      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2676346      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221315891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     97138104                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    119527411                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17712274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10825427                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17235921                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       107692850                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2461320                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2676346                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          356088627                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         278254393                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2928713                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              18791258                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          97138104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           119527411                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     97138104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.506349                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.506349                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      579606534                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     179177556                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     127580347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        33008                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         300577                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.971982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2011855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         333329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.035643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           242.282638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.346330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1017.839114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.657648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2263.463683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.845265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1712.480713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.041491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1658.728801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.745426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1680.034590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.918469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1033.113777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.292604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1262.791815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.346260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1021.120109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.670183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1660.969482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.872657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1759.658266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.316091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2654.097685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.145022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1719.290507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.587930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2683.309860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.914989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1714.870527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.915756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1661.063586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.826996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1258.669836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           275.092961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           428.452809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           363.761291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           329.889407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           341.529636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           252.821141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           305.738220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           252.326070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           352.808779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           395.964445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           448.578979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           355.530132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           407.804533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           465.334681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           382.927966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           349.182821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.031062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.069075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.052261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.050620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.051271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.031528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.038537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.031162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.050689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.053701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.080997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.052469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.081888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.052334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.050692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.038412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.008395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.013075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.011101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.007715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.007700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.010767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.012084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.013690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.012445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.014201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        24394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        47646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        47025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  536919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           175279                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                175279                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2049                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        24599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        47718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        47095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   538968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24593                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33910                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        24599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34078                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        47718                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        47095                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35906                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  538968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                300419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 300448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27493                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19277                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10777                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10861                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18466                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30485                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17863                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                300448                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5754794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1768074814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6245223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4503526463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5872602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3188438013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5053858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3125221490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5263563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3109634654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5576557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1764681565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5974999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2261857929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5685864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1774445350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5170528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3078404076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5727424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3028192965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6502094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4951623107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5492843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3185128907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6376829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5047510860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5517633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2933332877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5293225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3017717917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6084192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2178264672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49007647887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       131673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       166973                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1082075                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       464619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       418538                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       847823                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1158109                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       304047                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4573857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5754794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1768074814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6245223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4503526463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5872602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3188569686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5053858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3125388463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5263563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3109634654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5576557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1764681565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5974999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2261857929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5685864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1774445350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5170528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3078404076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5727424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3029275040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6502094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4952087726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5492843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3185547445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6376829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5048358683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5517633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2934490986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5293225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3018021964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6084192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2178264672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      49012221744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5754794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1768074814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6245223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4503526463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5872602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3188569686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5053858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3125388463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5263563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3109634654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5576557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1764681565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5974999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2261857929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5685864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1774445350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5170528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3078404076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5727424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3029275040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6502094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4952087726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5492843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3185547445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6376829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5048358683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5517633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2934490986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5293225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3018021964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6084192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2178264672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     49012221744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        35171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        52995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        53612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              837338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       175279                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            175279                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2078                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        35376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        53769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               839416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        69204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        35376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        53769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              839416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.398011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.306417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.361691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.397594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.358779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006623                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.044586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.044586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.028571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.013956                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.397275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.304642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.307207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.397277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.332217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.357925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.397275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.304642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.307207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.397277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.332217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.357925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151441.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163801.631832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152322.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163806.294802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154542.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164479.649884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148642.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162130.187280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154810.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162281.320008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150717.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163745.157743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149374.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162946.324400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       149628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163377.713839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152074.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162123.661049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150721.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164049.675768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154811.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162444.167279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148455.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164181.902423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151829.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162628.825595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149125.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164277.154850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155683.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162260.346112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148394.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162982.766330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163130.986679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       131673                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       166973                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 154582.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       154873                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 139512.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 169564.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165444.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152023.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157719.206897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151441.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163801.631832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152322.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163806.294802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154542.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164477.957598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148642.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162130.438502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154810.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162281.320008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150717.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163745.157743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149374.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162946.324400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       149628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163377.713839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152074.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162123.661049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150721.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164046.086862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154811.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162443.422208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148455.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164178.088182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151829.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162629.942755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149125.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164277.612159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155683.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162259.245376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148394.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162982.766330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163130.464320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151441.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163801.631832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152322.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163806.294802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154542.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164477.957598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148642.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162130.438502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154810.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162281.320008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150717.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163745.157743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149374.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162946.324400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       149628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163377.713839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152074.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162123.661049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150721.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164046.086862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154811.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162443.422208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148455.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164178.088182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151829.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162629.942755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149125.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164277.612159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155683.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162259.245376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148394.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162982.766330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163130.464320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                91201                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     91201                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           300419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            300448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           300448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3547286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1139522400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3855522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2902515291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3664542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2059512418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3075271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2002367785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3285753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1993438352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3427886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1137187178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3649841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1453506977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3471741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1141965423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3195269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1972325605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3516778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1953120758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4057088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3177205197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3339835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2055214781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3931567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3240871583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3361001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1893345484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3318680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1934411809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3702167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1399948150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31512859418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        73123                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       108461                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       673325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       289507                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       244044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       557252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       750533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       188431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2884676                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3547286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1139522400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3855522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2902515291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3664542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2059585541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3075271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2002476246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3285753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1993438352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3427886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1137187178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3649841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1453506977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3471741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1141965423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3195269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1972325605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3516778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1953794083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4057088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3177494704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3339835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2055458825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3931567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3241428835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3361001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1894096017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3318680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1934600240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3702167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1399948150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31515744094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3547286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1139522400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3855522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2902515291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3664542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2059585541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3075271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2002476246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3285753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1993438352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3427886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1137187178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3649841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1453506977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3471741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1141965423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3195269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1972325605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3516778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1953794083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4057088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3177494704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3339835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2055458825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3931567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3241428835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3361001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1894096017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3318680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1934600240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3702167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1399948150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31515744094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.398011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.306417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.308972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.344038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.361691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.397594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.358779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.044586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.044586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.028571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.397275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.304642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.307207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.397277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.332217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.357925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.397275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.304642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.307207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.343164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.389819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.397277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.332217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.357925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93349.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105569.983324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94037.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105572.883679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96435.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106242.580242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90449.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103878.801878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96639.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104030.808475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92645.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105519.827225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91246.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104711.978748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91361.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105143.672130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93978.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103872.214293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92546.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105808.589739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96597.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104232.176268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90265.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105938.906237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93608.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104419.614750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90837.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106034.133289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97608.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104011.818959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90296.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104747.336326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104896.359478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        73123                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       108461                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96189.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96502.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        81348                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111450.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       107219                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94215.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99471.586207                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93349.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105569.983324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94037.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105572.883679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96435.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106240.871815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90449.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103879.039581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96639.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104030.808475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92645.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105519.827225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91246.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104711.978748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91361.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105143.672130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93978.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103872.214293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92546.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105804.943301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96597.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104231.415581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90265.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105935.104108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93608.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104420.747213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90837.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106034.597604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97608.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104010.765591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90296.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104747.336326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104895.835865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93349.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105569.983324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94037.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105572.883679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96435.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106240.871815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90449.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103879.039581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96639.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104030.808475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92645.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105519.827225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91246.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104711.978748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91361.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105143.672130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93978.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103872.214293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92546.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105804.943301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96597.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104231.415581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90265.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105935.104108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93608.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104420.747213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90837.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106034.597604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97608.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104010.765591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90296.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104747.336326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104895.835865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              494.429411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011920922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2044284.690909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    39.429411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.063188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11912822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11912822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11912822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8351160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8351160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8351160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8351160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8351160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8351160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11912872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11912872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11912872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167023.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167023.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167023.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167023.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167023.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167023.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6658041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6658041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6658041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6658041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6658041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6658041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166451.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166451.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166451.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166451.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166451.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166451.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35387                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163375077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4583.651124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.476912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.523088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9510659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9510659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16573223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16573223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16573223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16573223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9798899171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9798899171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    133880516                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133880516                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9932779687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9932779687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9932779687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9932779687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9601401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9601401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18278                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18278                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16666020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16666020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16666020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16666020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107986.369829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107986.369829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65148.669586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65148.669586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107037.724140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107037.724140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107037.724140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107037.724140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        50526                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7218                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3505321974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3505321974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15143314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15143314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3520465288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3520465288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3520465288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3520465288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99628.296214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99628.296214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 74597.605911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74597.605911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99484.705909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99484.705909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99484.705909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99484.705909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.687249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1014444658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1906850.860902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    39.609238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   489.078011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.063476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11776977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11776977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11776977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11776977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11776977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11776977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8330188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8330188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8330188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8330188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8330188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8330188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11777029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11777029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11777029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11777029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11777029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11777029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160195.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160195.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160195.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160195.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160195.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160195.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6776875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6776875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6776875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6776875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6776875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6776875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161354.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161354.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161354.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161354.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161354.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161354.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                69204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180352978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                69460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2596.501267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.129482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.870518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8167167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8167167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6765700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6765700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14932867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14932867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14932867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14932867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       175778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       175778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       176548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       176548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       176548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       176548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21376917942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21376917942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     65998610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     65998610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21442916552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21442916552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21442916552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21442916552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8342945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8342945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6766470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6766470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15109415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15109415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15109415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15109415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121613.159451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121613.159451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85712.480519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85712.480519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121456.581508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121456.581508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121456.581508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121456.581508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       106702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       107344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        69204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7579239162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7579239162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8496563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8496563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7587735725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7587735725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7587735725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7587735725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109723.191297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109723.191297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66379.398438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66379.398438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109643.022441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109643.022441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109643.022441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109643.022441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.343433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1009854170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1938299.750480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.343433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11634425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11634425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11634425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11634425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11634425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11634425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7842614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7842614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7842614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7842614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7842614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7842614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11634472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11634472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11634472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11634472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11634472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11634472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166864.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166864.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166864.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166864.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166864.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166864.127660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6643399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6643399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6643399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6643399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6643399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6643399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170343.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170343.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170343.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170343.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170343.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170343.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                53821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              171683447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                54077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3174.796069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.652620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.347380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8200051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8200051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6943612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6943612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17425                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17425                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15143663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15143663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15143663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15143663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       184683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       188398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       188398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       188398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       188398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24150508334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24150508334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    470413711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    470413711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24620922045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24620922045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  24620922045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24620922045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8384734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8384734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6947327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6947327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17425                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17425                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15332061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15332061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15332061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15332061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130767.359930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130767.359930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126625.494213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126625.494213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130685.686923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130685.686923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 130685.686923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130685.686923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           17977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       131012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       134576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       134576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5696121048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5696121048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10268773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10268773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5706389821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5706389821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5706389821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5706389821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106130.331986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106130.331986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68005.119205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68005.119205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106023.370016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106023.370016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106023.370016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106023.370016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              558.958383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              928533382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1652194.629893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.794162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.164221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.054157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11805937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11805937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11805937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11805937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11805937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11805937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6930327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6930327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6930327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6930327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6930327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6930327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11805981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11805981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11805981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11805981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11805981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11805981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157507.431818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157507.431818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157507.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157507.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157507.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157507.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5764730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5764730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5764730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5764730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5764730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5764730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164706.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164706.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164706.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164706.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164706.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164706.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                53129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              223398829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                53385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4184.674141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   202.791952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    53.208048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.792156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.207844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17365412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17365412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3339341                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3339341                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     20704753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       20704753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     20704753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      20704753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       185228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       185556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       185556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       185556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       185556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21269760689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21269760689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28899653                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28899653                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21298660342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21298660342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21298660342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21298660342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17550640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17550640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3339669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3339669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     20890309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20890309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     20890309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20890309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114830.158988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114830.158988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 88108.698171                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88108.698171                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114782.924519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114782.924519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114782.924519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114782.924519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       132167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       132427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       132427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5596635012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5596635012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4580523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4580523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5601215535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5601215535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5601215535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5601215535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105475.490699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105475.490699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67360.632353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67360.632353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105426.707354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105426.707354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105426.707354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105426.707354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              558.965265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              928534189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1652196.065836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.846145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.119120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.054241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11806744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11806744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11806744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11806744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11806744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11806744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7107818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7107818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7107818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7107818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7107818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7107818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11806784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11806784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11806784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11806784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11806784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11806784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177695.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177695.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177695.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177695.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177695.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177695.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6156743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6156743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6156743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6156743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6156743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6156743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175906.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175906.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175906.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175906.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175906.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175906.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                53072                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              223395852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                53328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4189.091134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   202.510685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    53.489315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.791057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.208943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17362414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17362414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3339367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3339367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20701781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       20701781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20701781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      20701781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       184957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       185282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       185282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       185282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       185282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21250916653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21250916653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28545856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28545856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21279462509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21279462509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21279462509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21279462509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17547371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17547371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3339692                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3339692                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7888                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7888                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20887063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20887063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20887063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20887063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114896.525425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114896.525425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87833.403077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87833.403077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114849.054463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114849.054463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114849.054463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114849.054463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6329                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            6329                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       131953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       132210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       132210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5583473589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5583473589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4663938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4663938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5588137527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5588137527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5588137527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5588137527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105340.608048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105340.608048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68587.323529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68587.323529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105293.516864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105293.516864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105293.516864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105293.516864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              493.526661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1011921045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2048423.168016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.526661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11912945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11912945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11912945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11912945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11912945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11912945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8373083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8373083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8373083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8373083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8373083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8373083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11912997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11912997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11912997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11912997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11912997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11912997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161020.826923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161020.826923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161020.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161020.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161020.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161020.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6529826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6529826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6529826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6529826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6529826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6529826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167431.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167431.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167431.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167431.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167431.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167431.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                35376                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              163377203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                35632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4585.125814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.477866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.522134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9510296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9510296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7065021                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7065021                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18304                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18304                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16575317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       16575317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16575317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      16575317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        90665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        92772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        92772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        92772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        92772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9816705530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9816705530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    137093251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137093251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9953798781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9953798781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9953798781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9953798781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9600961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9600961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7067128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7067128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18304                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18304                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17187                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16668089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16668089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16668089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16668089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108274.477803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108274.477803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65065.615093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65065.615093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107293.135655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107293.135655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107293.135655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107293.135655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        77939                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  8659.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        55494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        57396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        57396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3500878488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3500878488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15329699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15329699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3516208187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516208187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3516208187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516208187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99538.781610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99538.781610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 74779.019512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74779.019512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99395.301532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99395.301532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99395.301532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99395.301532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.261529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1008732054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1947359.177606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    42.261529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.067727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11819583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11819583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11819583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11819583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11819583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11819583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8608115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8608115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8608115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8608115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8608115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8608115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11819636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11819636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11819636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11819636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11819636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11819636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162417.264151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162417.264151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162417.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162417.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162417.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162417.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6900499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6900499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6900499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160476.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160476.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160476.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160476.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160476.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160476.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                39754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              165651746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                40010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4140.258585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.552630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.447370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8139273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8139273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6852761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6852761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17612                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17612                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16502                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16502                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14992034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14992034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14992034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14992034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       127513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          869                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          869                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       128382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       128382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       128382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       128382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15749004729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15749004729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     74430574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74430574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15823435303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15823435303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15823435303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15823435303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8266786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8266786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6853630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6853630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16502                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16502                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15120416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15120416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15120416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15120416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123509.012642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123509.012642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85650.833142                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85650.833142                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123252.755861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123252.755861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123252.755861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123252.755861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        87907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4127708086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4127708086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9759577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9759577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4137467663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4137467663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4137467663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4137467663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104219.261880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104219.261880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65943.087838                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65943.087838                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104076.763672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104076.763672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104076.763672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104076.763672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              494.448692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011920722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2044284.286869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.448692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.063219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11912622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11912622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11912622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11912622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11912622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11912622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8347760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8347760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8347760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8347760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8347760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8347760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11912673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11912673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11912673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11912673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11912673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11912673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163681.568627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163681.568627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163681.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163681.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163681.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163681.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6577345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6577345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6577345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6577345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6577345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6577345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164433.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164433.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164433.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164433.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164433.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164433.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                35354                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163373231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                35610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4587.846981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.483471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.516529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9508544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9508544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7062810                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062810                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16571354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16571354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16571354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16571354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        90603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        92623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        92623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9827127791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9827127791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    132210567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    132210567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9959338358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9959338358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9959338358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9959338358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9599147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9599147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7064830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16663977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16663977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16663977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16663977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108463.602651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108463.602651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65450.775743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65450.775743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107525.542878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107525.542878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107525.542878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107525.542878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       180825                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 20091.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        55451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3507735604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3507735604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15144473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15144473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3522880077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3522880077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3522880077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3522880077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99787.653732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99787.653732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 74972.638614                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74972.638614                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99645.869689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99645.869689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99645.869689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99645.869689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              558.792654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              928536367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1652199.941281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.628495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.164160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.053892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11808922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11808922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11808922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11808922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11808922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11808922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7183400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7183400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7183400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7183400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7183400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7183400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11808965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11808965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11808965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11808965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11808965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11808965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167055.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167055.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167055.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167055.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167055.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167055.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6012855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6012855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6012855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171795.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171795.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171795.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171795.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171795.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171795.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                53066                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              223402642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                53322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4189.689847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   201.951014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    54.048986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.788871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.211129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17366714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17366714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3341850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3341850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7840                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7840                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20708564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       20708564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     20708564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      20708564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       184765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       185112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       185112                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       185112                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21142636098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21142636098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     30338730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30338730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21172974828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21172974828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21172974828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21172974828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17551479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17551479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3342197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3342197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7840                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7840                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20893676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20893676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     20893676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20893676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114429.876319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114429.876319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 87431.498559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87431.498559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114379.266757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114379.266757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114379.266757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114379.266757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       131770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       132046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       132046                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132046                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        52995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5558504234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5558504234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4818968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4818968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5563323202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5563323202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5563323202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5563323202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104887.333409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104887.333409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67872.788732                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67872.788732                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104837.809558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104837.809558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104837.809558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104837.809558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              519.534462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1009865876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1938322.218810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.534462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11646131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11646131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11646131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11646131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11646131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11646131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7520968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7520968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7520968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7520968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7520968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7520968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11646177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11646177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11646177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11646177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11646177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11646177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163499.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163499.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163499.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163499.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163499.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163499.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6503946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6503946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6503946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6503946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6503946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6503946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166767.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166767.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166767.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166767.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166767.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166767.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                53811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              171709118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                54067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3175.858065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.605583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.394417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8216139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8216139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6953229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6953229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17369                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17369                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16003                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16003                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15169368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15169368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15169368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15169368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       184228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       187952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       187952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       187952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       187952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  23991600603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23991600603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    464968853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    464968853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24456569456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24456569456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24456569456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24456569456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8400367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8400367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6956953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6956953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17369                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17369                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16003                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16003                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15357320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15357320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15357320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15357320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130227.764525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130227.764525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124857.371912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124857.371912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130121.357879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130121.357879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130121.357879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130121.357879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           18937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       130574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       134141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       134141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5590725196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5590725196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11144087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11144087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5601869283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5601869283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5601869283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5601869283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104199.597346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104199.597346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 70981.445860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70981.445860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104102.679434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104102.679434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104102.679434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104102.679434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              580.664035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1039241968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1773450.457338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    39.273140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.390895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11526647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11526647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11526647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11526647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11526647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11526647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8929731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8929731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8929731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8929731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8929731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8929731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11526703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11526703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11526703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11526703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11526703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11526703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159459.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159459.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159459.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159459.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159459.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159459.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7225311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7225311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7225311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7225311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7225311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7225311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168030.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168030.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168030.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168030.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168030.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168030.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                78203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              447558418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                78459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5704.360469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.907350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.092650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     30244332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30244332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16562723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16562723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8080                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8080                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     46807055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       46807055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     46807055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      46807055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       277255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       277504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       277504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       277504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       277504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  33203800999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33203800999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23049539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23049539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  33226850538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33226850538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  33226850538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33226850538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     30521587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30521587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16562972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16562972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8080                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8080                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     47084559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47084559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     47084559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47084559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119759.070166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119759.070166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92568.429719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92568.429719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119734.672430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119734.672430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119734.672430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119734.672430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           14800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       199127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       199301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       199301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        78128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        78203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        78203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8596798199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8596798199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5643802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5643802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8602442001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8602442001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8602442001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8602442001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110034.791611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110034.791611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 75250.693333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75250.693333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110001.432183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110001.432183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110001.432183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110001.432183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.599103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1009854538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1942027.957692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    36.599103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.058652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11634793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11634793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11634793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11634793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11634793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11634793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7318566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7318566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7318566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7318566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7318566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7318566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11634839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11634839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11634839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11634839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11634839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11634839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159099.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159099.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159099.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159099.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159099.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159099.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6128006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6128006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6128006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6128006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6128006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6128006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161263.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161263.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161263.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161263.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161263.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161263.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                53790                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              171695871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                54046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3176.846964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.595776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.404224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8209643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8209643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6946639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6946639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15986                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15986                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15156282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15156282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15156282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15156282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       184106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3709                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3709                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       187815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       187815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       187815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       187815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24021811111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24021811111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    464701167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    464701167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24486512278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24486512278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24486512278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24486512278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8393749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8393749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6950348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6950348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15986                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15986                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15344097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15344097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15344097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15344097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130478.154493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130478.154493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125290.150175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125290.150175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130375.700972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130375.700972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130375.700972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130375.700972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           17758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       134025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       134025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5689458529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5689458529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10419436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10419436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5699877965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5699877965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5699877965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5699877965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106073.392043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106073.392043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68100.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68100.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105965.383250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105965.383250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105965.383250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105965.383250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              581.739440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1039233851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1773436.605802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    40.587649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.151791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.065044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11518530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11518530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11518530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11518530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11518530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11518530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8413683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8413683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8413683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8413683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8413683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8413683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11518582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11518582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11518582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11518582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11518582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11518582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161801.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161801.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161801.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161801.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161801.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161801.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7029004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7029004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7029004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7029004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7029004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7029004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163465.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163465.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163465.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163465.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163465.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163465.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                78137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              447518673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                78393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5708.656041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.907882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.092118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     30219283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30219283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16547566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16547566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8561                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8561                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8073                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8073                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46766849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       46766849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46766849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      46766849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       276453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       276703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       276703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       276703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       276703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33274988347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33274988347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24275679                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24275679                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33299264026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33299264026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33299264026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33299264026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     30495736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30495736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16547816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16547816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8561                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8561                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8073                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8073                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47043552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47043552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47043552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47043552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120363.998029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120363.998029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97102.716000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97102.716000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120342.981558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120342.981558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120342.981558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120342.981558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           14204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       198391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       198566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       198566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8652926696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8652926696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5946720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5946720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8658873416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8658873416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8658873416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8658873416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110846.848608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110846.848608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 79289.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79289.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110816.558301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110816.558301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110816.558301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110816.558301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.574585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1009873861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1942065.117308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.574585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.058613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11654116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11654116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11654116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11654116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11654116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11654116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7552381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7552381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7552381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7552381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7552381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7552381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11654163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11654163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11654163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11654163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11654163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11654163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160688.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160688.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160688.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160688.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160688.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160688.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6340387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6340387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6340387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6340387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6340387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6340387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166852.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166852.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166852.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166852.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166852.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166852.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                53769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              171709509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                54025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3178.334271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.607372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.392628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8213259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8213259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6956601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6956601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17262                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17262                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16009                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16009                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15169860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15169860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15169860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15169860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3711                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3711                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       188136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       188136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       188136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       188136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23822457571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23822457571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    471939167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471939167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24294396738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24294396738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  24294396738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24294396738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8397684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8397684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6960312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6960312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16009                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16009                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15357996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15357996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15357996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15357996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 129171.519973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129171.519973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 127173.044193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127173.044193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 129132.099853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129132.099853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 129132.099853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129132.099853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           18781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       130813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       134367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       134367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        53612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        53769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        53769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5526197947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5526197947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11243135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11243135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5537441082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5537441082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5537441082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5537441082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103077.630885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103077.630885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 71612.324841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71612.324841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102985.755398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102985.755398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102985.755398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102985.755398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              559.038445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              928540334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs                  1652207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    33.962356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.076089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.054427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11812889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11812889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11812889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11812889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11812889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11812889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7433469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7433469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7433469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7433469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7433469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7433469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11812932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11812932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11812932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11812932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11812932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11812932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172871.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172871.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172871.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172871.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172871.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172871.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6272103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6272103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6272103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6272103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6272103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6272103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 179202.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179202.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 179202.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179202.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 179202.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179202.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                53146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              223412824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                53402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4183.604060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.577720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.422280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.791319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.208681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17375064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17375064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3343669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3343669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20718733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       20718733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20718733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      20718733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       185506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       185506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       185506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21014990147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21014990147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     30850844                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30850844                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21045840991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21045840991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21045840991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21045840991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17560226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17560226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3344013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3344013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20904239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20904239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20904239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20904239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113495.156387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113495.156387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 89682.686047                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89682.686047                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113450.998841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113450.998841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113450.998841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113450.998841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       132085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       132359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       132359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5528033877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5528033877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4842047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4842047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5532875924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5532875924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5532875924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5532875924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104151.211956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104151.211956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69172.100000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69172.100000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104105.140911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104105.140911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104105.140911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104105.140911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              516.929193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1008739406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1947373.370656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    41.929193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.067194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11826935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11826935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11826935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11826935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11826935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11826935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8694277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8694277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8694277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8694277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8694277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8694277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11826992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11826992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11826992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11826992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11826992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11826992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152531.175439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152531.175439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152531.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152531.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152531.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152531.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6922258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6922258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6922258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6922258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6922258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6922258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160982.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160982.744186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160982.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160982.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160982.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160982.744186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                39768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              165656156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                40024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4138.920548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.549360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.450640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8141977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8141977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6854274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6854274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17803                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17803                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16504                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16504                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14996251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14996251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14996251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14996251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       127404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          861                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          861                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       128265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       128265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15565226859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15565226859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74147364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74147364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15639374223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15639374223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15639374223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15639374223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8269381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8269381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6855135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6855135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17803                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17803                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16504                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16504                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15124516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15124516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15124516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15124516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122172.199138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122172.199138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86117.728223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86117.728223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121930.177546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121930.177546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121930.177546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121930.177546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        87783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4072883745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4072883745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9795819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9795819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4082679564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4082679564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4082679564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4082679564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102796.086545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102796.086545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66638.224490                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66638.224490                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102662.431201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102662.431201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102662.431201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102662.431201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
