
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106127                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106127090889                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               633229153797                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 314423                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   398215                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1906107                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67611364                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55677.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17506276150                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22171568618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2579456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4231552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1903232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3792384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1902592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2606080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2592000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1919488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3791360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2592896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1466368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4271232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4265344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1831936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2564864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4198912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             46586880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11475840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11475840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        33059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        14869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        29628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        14864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        20250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        14996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        29620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        20257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        33369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        33323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        14312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        20038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        32804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                363960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           89655                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                89655                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24305349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39872496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        48244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17933517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     35734363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17927487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24556218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24423547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     18086692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     35724714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24431990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13817094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40246387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     40190907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17261719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24167854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39564940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               438972553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        48244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        48244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             727279                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         108132993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              108132993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         108132993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24305349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        49450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39872496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        48244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17933517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     35734363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17927487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24556218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        41007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24423547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        48244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     18086692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     35724714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        41007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24431990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        39801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13817094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        45832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40246387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        47038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     40190907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17261719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        45832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24167854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        49450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39564940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              547105546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20694906                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16970979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024679                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8540620                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8087937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2120824                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90768                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197448243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117631671                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20694906                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10208761                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25877174                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5749438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6565822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12163843                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2009773                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233584522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207707348     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2801533      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3244755      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1781723      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2067463      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1127428      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         763513      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2005825      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12084934      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233584522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081315                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462204                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195862896                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      8181885                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25671056                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       194308                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3674371                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3359379                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18913                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143613081                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3674371                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196166503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2860964                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4461040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25574606                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       847032                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143525914                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       221971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       394665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199459839                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668305917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668305917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29168115                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37548                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2267415                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13701802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7463977                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1655260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143310254                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135406051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186558                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17951942                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41539994                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4155                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233584522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176534266     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22940446      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12327891      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8538386      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7464189      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3824347      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914683      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594436      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       445878      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233584522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35358     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128332     43.37%     55.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132224     44.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113344104     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119783      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12513716      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7411864      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135406051                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532044                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295914                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002185                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504879093                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161301065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133168250                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135701965                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343515                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2418120                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          892                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163306                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8291                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3674371                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2366447                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146074                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143347986                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13701802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7463977                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20898                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172345                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1140391                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312736                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133416627                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11753185                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1989421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 128                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19163361                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18669875                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7410176                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133170290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133168250                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79159137                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207361002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523252                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381746                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20661337                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2036428                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229910151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179795642     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23241665     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9736788      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5848489      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4055006      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2612933      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1360632      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093260      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165736      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229910151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283682                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607969                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496074                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2165736                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          371092973                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290372930                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3024342                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              20916896                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.545014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.545014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392925                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392925                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601816331                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184828623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134015243                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19789675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17856798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1035838                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7594815                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7084978                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1095391                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46135                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209798873                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            124490127                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19789675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8180369                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24625563                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3251139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      5097316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12041067                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1040640                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    241711121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      217085558     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         883985      0.37%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1797902      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         756697      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        4097839      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3641462      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         706699      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1471167      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11269812      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    241711121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077759                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489153                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      208623803                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6285367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24534973                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        78114                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2188859                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1736840                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    145975723                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2818                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2188859                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      208831380                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       4552057                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1078919                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24420502                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       639397                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    145897868                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       277315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       229851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4524                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    171271881                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    687225899                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    687225899                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    152047447                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       19224428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        17432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9042                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1609686                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     34435435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     17422226                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       159359                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       842957                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        145617250                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17485                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       140052441                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72852                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11156752                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26709107                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          578                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241711121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191963400     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14888141      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12224418      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5284187      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6700566      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6497310      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3679673      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291357      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182069      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241711121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355138     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2763694     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80094      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87844693     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223932      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8388      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33592080     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17383348     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    140052441                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.550301                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3198926                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    525087781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156795046                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138862625                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    143251367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253408                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1315878                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          564                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3568                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104968                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12412                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2188859                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       4182851                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185842                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145634836                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34435435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17422226                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9044                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126875                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3568                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       604619                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       609934                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1214553                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139077638                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33479140                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       974803                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           50861033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18221324                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         17381893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546471                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            138867018                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           138862625                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74997556                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       147737030                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.545626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507642                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112856647                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    132625362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13024274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16907                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1058674                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239522262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191448600     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17528686      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8229075      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8138655      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2214006      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9470102      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       707008      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515061      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1271069      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239522262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112856647                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    132625362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             50436807                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            33119554                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8440                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17513733                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       117936046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1284654                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1271069                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          383900491                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         293488353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4600300                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              12790297                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112856647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           132625362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112856647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.255086                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.255086                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443442                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443442                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      687602286                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     161232047                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     173858952                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16882                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20960522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17151144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2048410                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8702969                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8254528                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2166832                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93443                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201892681                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            117203388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20960522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10421360                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24472079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5588075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      4841611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12351473                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2050190                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    234719399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      210247320     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1145416      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1815350      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2454084      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2524852      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2134933      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1194204      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1775265      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11427975      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    234719399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460522                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      199842089                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6909708                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24428086                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        26860                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3512654                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3449366                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    143819523                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1956                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3512654                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      200391534                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1424881                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4229794                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23912629                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1247905                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    143766968                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       170494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       544139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    200618936                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    668829487                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    668829487                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    174018833                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       26600081                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        35881                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3731343                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13456899                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7294259                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85770                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1732756                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143591130                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36009                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       136396317                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18676                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15816995                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37834693                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234719399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176990954     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23747349     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12021964      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9072445      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7124368      3.04%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2879175      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1812645      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       945504      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124995      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234719399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26121     11.57%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82940     36.74%     48.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116697     51.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114712785     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2035886      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17105      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12359394      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7271147      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    136396317                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.535935                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            225758                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507756463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159444702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134350232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    136622075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       276248                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2151957                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          162                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          571                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102430                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3512654                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1140997                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121942                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143627281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13456899                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7294259                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102981                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          571                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1193949                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148630                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2342579                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134513854                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11629404                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1882459                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18900266                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19116627                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7270862                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.528539                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            134350463                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           134350232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        77123541                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       207811404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527896                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101441707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    124822859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18804427                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2074291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231206745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180005288     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25378252     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9585861      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4570694      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3851328      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2209624      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1931917      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       874379      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2799402      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231206745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    101441707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    124822859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18496768                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11304939                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17999715                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       112463850                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2570372                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2799402                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          372033927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         290767299                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3058759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19782019                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         101441707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           124822859                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    101441707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.508844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.508844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398590                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398590                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      605427575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     187150758                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     133327412                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        34472                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20629995                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16871250                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2009490                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8525054                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8134998                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122445                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89380                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200090704                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            117098434                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20629995                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10257443                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24535567                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5843386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3515215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12302336                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    231931316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      207395749     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1331973      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2100591      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3344567      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1384183      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1547293      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1655605      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1075793      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12095562      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    231931316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081060                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460109                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      198243731                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5376646                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24459231                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        62345                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3789362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3383184                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    142982479                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         3050                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3789362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      198549251                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1724560                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      2769860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24222029                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       876241                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    142902669                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents        25735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       246733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       330492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41682                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    198402399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    664791100                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    664791100                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    169366934                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       29035434                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        36244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19864                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2636165                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13606300                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7317323                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1663260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        142701667                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36342                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       135042223                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166380                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18128103                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40374024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3315                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231931316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175006513     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22838560      9.85%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12491419      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8518032      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7972532      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2291736      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1787700      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       606871      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417953      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231931316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31436     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97547     38.75%     51.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122757     48.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113125630     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2137236      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16376      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12480162      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7282819      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    135042223                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530615                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251740                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502433875                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160867603                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132876283                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    135293963                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       409602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2428033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          328                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1524                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       211241                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8427                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3789362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1151815                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120415                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142738148                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13606300                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7317323                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19848                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88279                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1524                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173149                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148295                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2321444                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133125731                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11737243                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1916485                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           19018336                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18728042                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7281093                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523084                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            132877370                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           132876283                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        77689700                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       202991542                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522104                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382724                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99485042                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    121943188                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20795161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2052062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228141954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178641856     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23971957     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9332467      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5028196      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3764910      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2101960      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296984      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1158627      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2844997      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228141954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     99485042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    121943188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18284346                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11178264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17504377                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       109879956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2477232                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2844997                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          368034643                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         289266294                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3226579                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              22570102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          99485042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           121943188                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     99485042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.558188                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.558188                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390902                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390902                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      600337506                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     184190832                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     133367302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        32996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20976648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17164146                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2045563                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8619988                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8250080                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2167358                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93291                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201880468                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            117329525                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20976648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10417438                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24488665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5592346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4846562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12349985                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2047434                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    234735825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      210247160     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1144465      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1815909      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2455262      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2524811      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2136321      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1192744      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1771681      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11447472      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    234735825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082423                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461017                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      199826481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6917883                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24445014                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        26691                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3519754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3452477                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    143952939                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3519754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      200376573                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1427277                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4233885                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23928566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1249768                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    143901343                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       170869                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       544690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    200810803                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    669460183                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    669460183                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    174096293                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       26714505                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35726                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18613                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3739069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13457596                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7300729                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85774                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735193                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        143725074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35856                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       136481490                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18686                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15890082                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38074202                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1339                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234735825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176985567     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23746177     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12022357      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9083320      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7132892      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2879750      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1815288      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       945199      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125275      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234735825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26300     11.63%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83024     36.71%     48.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116867     51.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114783414     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039516      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17112      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12363656      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7277792      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    136481490                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536270                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226191                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507943682                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159651575                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134438322                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    136707681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       279152                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2147656                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          566                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105738                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3519754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1142797                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121992                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143761071                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13457596                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7300729                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18614                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103140                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          566                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1189573                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150832                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2340405                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134601897                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11634860                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1879593                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18912376                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19127329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7277516                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528885                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            134438557                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           134438322                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        77175458                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       207941478                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528242                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101486803                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    124878279                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18882815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34517                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2071454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231216071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179994393     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25387252     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9588688      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4575067      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3850922      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210870      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1933333      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873954      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2801592      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231216071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    101486803                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    124878279                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18504928                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11309937                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18007698                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       112513760                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2571499                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2801592                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          372174871                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         291042009                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3057135                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19765593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         101486803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           124878279                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    101486803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.507729                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.507729                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      605816790                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     187272189                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     133464553                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        34486                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19319063                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17240481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1533408                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12770105                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12590151                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159686                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46240                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203970816                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            109709715                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19319063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13749837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24451304                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5038076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3130848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12335874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1505324                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    235048986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      210597682     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3725491      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1881287      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3679363      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1182563      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3406434      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         537576      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         877647      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9160943      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    235048986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075909                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431077                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      201465655                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5682387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24403417                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19598                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3477928                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1835410                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18090                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    122753074                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        34149                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3477928                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      201744849                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3434682                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1391210                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24145496                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       854815                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    122576711                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        95289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       686497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    160658547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    555546394                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    555546394                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    130334725                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30323790                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16479                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8338                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1848650                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     22067814                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3598882                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23253                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       821699                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        121940839                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16536                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       114201833                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73612                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21974773                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44948110                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235048986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184943956     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15838489      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16713984      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9732211      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5010983      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254877      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1490463      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34536      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29487      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235048986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191426     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78344     23.43%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64656     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89576809     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896965      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8143      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20150654     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3569262      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    114201833                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448728                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334426                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463860689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143932428                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111313599                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    114536259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89882                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4479760                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        87012                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3477928                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2325618                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121957455                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22067814                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3598882                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8333                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41174                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2378                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1033889                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591890                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1625779                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112755159                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19863285                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1446673                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23432397                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17139682                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3569112                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.443043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            111338139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           111313599                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67347019                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       146800765                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.437379                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88654269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     99831453                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22130992                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16422                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1523738                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231571058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194392492     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14613692      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9382240      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2955989      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4897370      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956241      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607061      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555521      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210452      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231571058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     88654269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     99831453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21099924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            17588054                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8194                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15315318                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        87250053                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1250099                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3210452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          350322726                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         247405554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4526632                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19452432                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          88654269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            99831453                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     88654269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.870718                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.870718                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.348345                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.348345                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      524066167                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     145053908                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     130331486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16406                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19322351                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17244441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1534384                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12815766                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12590394                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159858                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46426                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204008894                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            109729418                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19322351                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13750252                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24455138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5041187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3128195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles           11                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           31                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12338611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1506247                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    235090396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      210635258     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3724001      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1881758      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3680431      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1184270      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3407124      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         539419      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         876483      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9161652      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    235090396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431154                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      201482570                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5700939                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24407222                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19627                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3480037                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1834512                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18090                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    122774019                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        34181                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3480037                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      201763761                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3448436                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1390438                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24147828                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       859890                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    122596596                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        95466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       691508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    160693685                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    555641985                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    555641985                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    130348003                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30345682                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16474                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8331                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1855915                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     22066507                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3600803                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23869                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       822687                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        121957867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16531                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       114213937                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73536                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21980664                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44964137                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235090396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184979325     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15843010      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16712239      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9736690      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5009155      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254239      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491298      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34744      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29696      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235090396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191719     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78406     23.42%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64617     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89587088     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897051      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8144      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20150832     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3570822      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    114213937                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.448775                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334742                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463926548                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143955353                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111326137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    114548679                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        91946                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4477582                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          298                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88396                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3480037                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2327630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105659                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121974500                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22066507                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3600803                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8328                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41111                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2395                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          298                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1035292                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593149                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1628441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112766702                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19864174                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1447235                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 102                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           23434834                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17141162                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3570660                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.443089                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            111350887                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           111326137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67351640                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       146813867                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.437428                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458755                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88661936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     99840960                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22138603                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16422                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1524734                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231610359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194430546     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14612910      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9384097      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954431      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4898479      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       955601      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607354      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555010      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211931      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231610359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88661936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     99840960                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21101332                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            17588925                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8194                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15316723                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        87258587                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1250296                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3211931                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          350377666                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         247441906                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4527149                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19411022                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88661936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            99840960                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88661936                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.870470                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.870470                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348375                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348375                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      524125020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     145072535                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     130354398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16406                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20950034                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17141492                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2050430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8727895                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8252244                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2165679                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93539                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201868829                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            117121207                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20950034                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10417923                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24458653                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5586605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4846444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12351085                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2052265                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    234683470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      210224817     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1146650      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1813928      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2453043      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2525565      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2133545      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1191890      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1773232      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11420800      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    234683470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082318                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460199                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      199815914                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6916801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24414539                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        27045                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3509169                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3448500                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    143725094                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3509169                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      200365352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1425785                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4235756                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23899127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1248279                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    143672025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       171248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       543800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    200487908                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    668364177                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    668364177                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    173950572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       26537328                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35877                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18777                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3734775                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13452561                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7289029                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85687                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1730673                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143496619                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36001                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       136335015                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18579                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15764765                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37650602                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1511                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234683470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176976637     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23737414     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12025162      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9065255      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7119743      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2875972      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1814868      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       943880      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124539      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234683470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26365     11.67%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82957     36.73%     48.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116526     51.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114664843     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2033068      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17098      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12353836      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7266170      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    136335015                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.535695                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            225848                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507597927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159297946                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134285126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    136560863                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277801                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2152054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          151                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          563                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100040                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3509169                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1141385                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143532767                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13452561                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7289029                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18779                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103196                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          563                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1193740                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1149412                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2343152                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134448293                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11625423                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1886722                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 147                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18891313                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19110334                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7265890                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528281                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            134285345                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           134285126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        77086825                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       207709105                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527640                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101401938                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    124773876                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18758938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34490                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2076305                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231174301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179993192     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25368454     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9583527      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4566415      1.98%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3848820      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2209278      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1933180      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873107      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2798328      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231174301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    101401938                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    124773876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18489496                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11300507                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17206                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17992641                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       112419709                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2569354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2798328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          371908085                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290574856                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3060879                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              19817948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         101401938                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           124773876                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    101401938                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.509828                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.509828                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      605134494                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     187059567                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     133237761                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        34460                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254501412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20605079                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16850757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2012731                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8661842                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8143345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122826                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89643                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200114607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            116878564                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20605079                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10266171                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24507370                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5827517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3520109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12302979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2028248                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231912713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      207405343     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1331401      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2104894      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3344691      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1381842      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1553466      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1646583      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1075904      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12068589      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231912713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.080963                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459245                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      198271522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5377628                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24431344                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        62051                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3770167                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3378721                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          463                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    142742809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3006                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3770167                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      198575823                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1726304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2773985                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24194981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       871440                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    142660224                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        27100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       244095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       328237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41862                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    198071504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    663628352                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    663628352                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    169304585                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28766919                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        36394                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20020                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2624710                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13603705                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7308181                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1657257                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        142461360                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       134938547                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166217                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17925903                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39684151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3477                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231912713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175010848     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22837405      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12500832      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8507529      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7954889      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2290621      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1787191      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       606100      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417298      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231912713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31400     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97648     38.79%     51.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122709     48.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113041155     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2130115      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16370      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12477247      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7273660      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    134938547                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530207                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251757                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502207781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160425263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132765028                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    135190304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       409837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2429567                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          327                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       204743                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8407                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3770167                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1149720                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120100                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142497989                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13603705                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7308181                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20002                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88273                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1178641                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1145037                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2323678                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133013677                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11733926                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1924870                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19005955                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18718605                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7272029                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522644                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            132766080                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           132765028                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        77627665                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       202785517                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521667                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99448398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    121898244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20599968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2055393                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228142546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178656492     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23964376     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9333199      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5023565      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3766144      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2102155      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296345      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1158806      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2841464      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228142546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     99448398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    121898244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18277576                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11174138                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17497930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       109839452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2476316                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2841464                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          367798631                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         288766792                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3227989                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              22588699                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          99448398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           121898244                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     99448398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.559130                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.559130                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390758                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390758                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      599855447                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     184044082                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     133136753                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        32984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19309259                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17233206                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1539335                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12895437                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12594620                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1161475                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46990                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203972871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            109614888                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19309259                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13756095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24437644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5040191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3127008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12340011                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1511134                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    235029721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      210592077     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3724310      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1877813      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3679048      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1185489      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3411142      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         539529      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         874192      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9146121      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    235029721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075871                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430704                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      201445805                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5700462                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24389529                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19828                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3474096                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1832376                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18103                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    122648128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        34280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3474096                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      201727502                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3443910                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1393874                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24130125                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       860208                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    122471602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        95405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       691858                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    160540571                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    555056374                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    555056374                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    130269439                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30271122                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16489                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8351                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1854713                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     22053043                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3591905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23984                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       816807                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        121832210                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16547                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       114118799                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73862                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21912995                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44826376                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235029721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184947504     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15848175      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16701169      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9716246      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5009452      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1253425      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1490346      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34693      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28711      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235029721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191732     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78249     23.39%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64528     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89514316     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896556      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8140      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20137927     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3561860      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    114118799                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.448401                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463675690                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143762055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111230035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    114453308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90009                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4477378                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81022                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3474096                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2321689                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105815                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121848840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22053043                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3591905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8347                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41024                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2392                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1040608                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591243                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1631851                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112670798                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19848765                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           23410460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17129313                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3561695                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.442712                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            111255081                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           111230035                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        67298696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       146670622                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.437051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88604763                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     99779011                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22074791                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16415                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1529650                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231555625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194392219     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14611522      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9378291      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2950257      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4897065      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956425      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606902      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555213      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3207731      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231555625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88604763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     99779011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             21086544                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            17575661                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8190                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15306977                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        87205205                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1249755                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3207731                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          350201371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         247184446                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4529532                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              19471697                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88604763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            99779011                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88604763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.872322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.872322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.348150                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.348150                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      523666038                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     144963105                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     130215912                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       23045700                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19186275                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2090903                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8872041                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8441166                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2478530                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97426                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200567090                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            126422910                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          23045700                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10919696                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            26351597                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5810999                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      6915433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12450584                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1999188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    237535215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      211183618     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1616669      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2041857      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3243445      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1356386      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1749917      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2041094      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         932581      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13369648      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    237535215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090552                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496747                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      199388247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      8206986                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        26227039                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        12394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3700547                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3509227                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          548                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    154506730                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2686                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3700547                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      199589132                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        646871                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      6997459                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        26038742                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       562457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    153561794                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        80991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       392350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    214493369                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    714122882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    714122882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    179667934                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       34825411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19496                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1977428                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14352619                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7524680                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84746                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1699019                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        149934538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37451                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       143925394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       140209                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18044136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36599434                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1509                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237535215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176546598     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27818781     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11375048      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6371308      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8636082      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2654953      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2614117      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1407826      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110502      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237535215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        990308     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132687     10.60%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128371     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121252355     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1968337      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17818      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13185080      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7501804      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    143925394                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565519                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1251366                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526777576                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168016807                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140189829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    145176760                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107241                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2674954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          685                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           21                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3700547                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        492248                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62556                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149971996                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14352619                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7524680                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19496                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54716                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          685                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1173292                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2411794                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141425039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12974154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2500353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20475470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       20003240                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7501316                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555695                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            140190181                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           140189829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        83991171                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       225588538                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550841                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372320                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104527155                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    128802039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21170490                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35942                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2108840                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233834668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179325732     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27621982     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10027706      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5000530      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4570555      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1921870      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1897379      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904101      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2564813      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233834668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    104527155                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    128802039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19098262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11677662                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17930                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18669772                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       115963608                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2659772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2564813                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          381241656                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         303645641                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3035817                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              16966203                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         104527155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           128802039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    104527155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.434788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.434788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      636376593                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     195889429                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     142933307                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        35912                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19790610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17857708                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1035522                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7403875                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7077076                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1092797                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209700725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            124484613                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19790610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8169873                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24622637                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3260324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5090559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12036188                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1040611                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    241612881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      216990244     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         883440      0.37%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1795387      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         755243      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4096771      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3642035      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         701510      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1473225      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11275026      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    241612881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489131                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      208529134                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6275293                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24531727                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        78271                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2198451                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1737623                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    145988760                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2800                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2198451                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      208736998                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       4547320                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1072200                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24417236                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       640669                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    145912166                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       277512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       231122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3489                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    171293814                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    687274918                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    687274918                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    151971745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       19322057                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16933                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8548                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1616224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     34432876                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     17413032                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158338                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       844334                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        145623574                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16985                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       140006726                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73305                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11236137                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26987886                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241612881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191889897     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14867519      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12223051      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5286540      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6700610      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6494406      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3678723      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290403      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181732      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241612881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354780     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2764522     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80111      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87824040     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223808      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8384      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33575364     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17375130     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    140006726                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550122                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3199413                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524899051                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156880251                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138809446                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    143206139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251507                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1330600                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          569                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3563                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104787                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12400                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2198451                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       4177869                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145640633                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34432876                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17413032                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8549                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126386                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3563                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       600814                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614500                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1215314                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139025624                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33460294                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       981102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  74                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           50834073                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18215755                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         17373779                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546267                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            138813899                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           138809446                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        74972909                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       147721413                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507529                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112799632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    132558491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13096428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16898                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1058265                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239414430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191366726     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17522088      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8223149      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8130733      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2213806      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9461910      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       709725      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515562      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1270731      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239414430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    112799632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    132558491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             50410514                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            33102269                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8436                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17504941                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       117876625                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1284044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1270731                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          383798280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         293508511                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4598298                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              12888537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         112799632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           132558491                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    112799632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.256226                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.256226                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      687299369                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     161174232                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     173825954                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16872                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19785274                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17853254                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1037015                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7446786                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7075784                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1094836                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45859                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209700708                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            124458507                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19785274                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      8170620                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24613763                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3257161                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      5097399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12036915                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1041649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    241606199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      216992436     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         879355      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1797863      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         756807      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        4092367      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3639426      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         705647      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1475003      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11267295      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    241606199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077741                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489029                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      208523171                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6287964                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24523236                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        78007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2193816                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1736356                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          514                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    145939337                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2835                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2193816                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      208735674                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       4551495                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1073608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24403721                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       647878                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    145861610                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       276698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       234769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3702                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    171248654                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    687029431                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    687029431                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    151957558                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       19291076                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        17372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8988                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1637439                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     34418443                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     17411774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158765                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       843972                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        145579221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17425                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       139990878                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73577                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11194089                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26830789                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          526                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241606199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191887535     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14872436      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12218150      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5284399      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6699563      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6488969      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3682264      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290800      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182083      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241606199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354712     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2762461     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80039      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87814530     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223016      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8384      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33571875     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17373073     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    139990878                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.550059                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3197212                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524858742                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156794283                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138794394                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    143188090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251908                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1319246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          600                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3556                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105108                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12400                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2193816                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       4183286                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185931                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145596722                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34418443                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17411774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8988                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126924                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           84                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3556                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       604399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       611727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1216126                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139010616                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33458380                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       980260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           50830063                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18212642                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         17371683                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546208                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            138798793                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           138794394                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        74956544                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       147666498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.545358                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507607                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112789095                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    132546114                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13065326                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16899                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1059734                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239412383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191364885     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17521130      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8224312      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8135092      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2210653      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9463994      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       707701      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514632      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1269984      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239412383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    112789095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    132546114                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             50405863                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            33099197                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8436                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17503279                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       117865633                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1283919                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1269984                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          383753501                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         293416909                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4598998                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              12895219                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         112789095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           132546114                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    112789095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.256436                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.256436                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443177                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443177                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      687239403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     161171929                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     173795884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16874                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254501415                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20961943                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17152344                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2051912                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8744454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8258750                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2167158                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93394                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202006730                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            117185712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20961943                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10425908                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24473382                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5588596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4850298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12359249                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2053776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    234840456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      210367074     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1145569      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1816321      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2456230      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2527823      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2134152      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1192760      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1773458      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11427069      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    234840456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082365                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      199952899                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6921322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24429938                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        26626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3509669                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3449451                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    143808940                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1981                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3509669                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      200502468                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1429642                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4236595                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23914020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1248060                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    143756154                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       170422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       544128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    200609893                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    668750198                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    668750198                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    174073791                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26536102                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18839                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3734463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13462556                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7292972                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85562                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1727613                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143581436                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36081                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       136428236                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18698                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15757573                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37621766                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1566                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234840456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177096536     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23754268     10.12%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12031336      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9069154      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7124764      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2877450      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1816158      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       945740      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125050      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234840456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25833     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83030     36.66%     48.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117611     51.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114743356     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2034214      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17110      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12363857      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7269699      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    136428236                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536061                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226474                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507942100                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159375642                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134374912                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    136654710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278234                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2154057                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          138                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          555                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98896                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3509669                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1146450                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121757                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143617664                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13462556                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7292972                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103024                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          555                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1195611                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150439                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2346050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134538271                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11632871                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1889965                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 147                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18902298                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19122889                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7269427                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528635                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            134375173                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           134374912                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        77138120                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       207841939                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527993                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371138                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101473732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    124862212                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18755499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34515                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2077803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231330787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180115837     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25383152     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9591250      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4568285      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3853228      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210123      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1934846      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873426      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2800640      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231330787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    101473732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    124862212                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18502575                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11308499                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17218                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18005386                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       112499289                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2571171                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2800640                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          372147156                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         290745144                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3062127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19660959                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         101473732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           124862212                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    101473732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.508052                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.508052                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398716                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398716                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      605537448                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     187191663                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     133311247                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        34486                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254501416                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20690040                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16963030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023309                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8577760                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8090312                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123519                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90824                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197484577                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117624838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20690040                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10213831                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25868099                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5739756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6649772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12164327                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008542                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    233687356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207819257     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2801759      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3231181      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1782310      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2070745      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1128947      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         769582      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        2008366      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12075209      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    233687356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081296                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462178                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      195896967                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      8267275                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25663405                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       193723                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3665980                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3362116                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18928                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143586354                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        94255                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3665980                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      196199584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2838062                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4573599                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25567193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       842932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143497765                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       220175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       393571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199416726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    668185352                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    668185352                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170350716                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29065874                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21080                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2258187                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13686763                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7469385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197072                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660627                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143286641                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37791                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135425364                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186147                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17883405                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41328746                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4329                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233687356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176628978     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22946174      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12328564      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8538396      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7464427      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3824880      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913247      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596236      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446454      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233687356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35581     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124542     42.64%     54.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131985     45.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113353583     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119736      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16590      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12519563      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7415892      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135425364                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532120                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292108                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    505016339                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161209085                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133193808                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    135717472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342796                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2399166                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          830                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1252                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166174                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8296                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3665980                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2343480                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145077                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143324555                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57071                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13686763                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7469385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21079                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102588                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1252                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135990                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2308472                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133442486                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11758595                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1982878                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19172467                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18672530                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7413872                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524329                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133195806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133193808                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        79158118                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       207337337                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523352                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381784                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100034667                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122730447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20595119                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33462                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2035107                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230021376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179890720     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23243905     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9740469      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5857434      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4053238      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2619353      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356492      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093487      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166278      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230021376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100034667                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122730447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18590791                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11287588                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17564912                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110646341                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2496945                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2166278                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          371179988                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290317287                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3023169                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              20814060                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100034667                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122730447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100034667                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.544132                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.544132                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393061                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393061                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      601963015                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184854117                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     134016287                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254501418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19801470                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17867635                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1035390                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7456689                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7083127                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1094559                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45873                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209825396                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            124549858                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19801470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      8177686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24637319                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3256633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5086929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12043242                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1040302                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    241745009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      217107690     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         884583      0.37%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1800030      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         756132      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        4098302      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3643935      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         702888      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1471876      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11279573      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    241745009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077805                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.489388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      208652548                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6272791                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24546331                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        78477                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2194857                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1737976                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    146053551                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2798                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2194857                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      208860263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       4541311                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1076676                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24432187                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       639708                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    145975820                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       278605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       229954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3441                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    171363570                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    687578398                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    687578398                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    152084388                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       19279176                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        17407                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1612422                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     34449236                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     17426407                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158943                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       845221                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        145692707                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       140093959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73138                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11201689                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26880607                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          549                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241745009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191989126     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14880007      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12231493      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5286902      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6705076      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6499290      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3679948      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291518      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181649      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241745009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355099     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2765410     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80111      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87873783     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1224385      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8390      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33599288     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17388113     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    140093959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550464                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3200620                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022846                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    525206685                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156915413                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138901170                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    143294579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252897                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1321498                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          589                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3566                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104880                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12411                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2194857                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       4171580                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185995                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145710261                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34449236                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17426407                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9017                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126809                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3566                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       601834                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613340                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1215174                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139117228                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33486258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       976731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           50872988                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18227816                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         17386730                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.546627                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            138905584                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           138901170                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        75021781                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       147800348                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.545778                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507589                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112884200                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    132657717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13066832                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1058166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239550152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191466296     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17533355      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8228711      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8140858      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2214645      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9470584      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       708502      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515754      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1271447      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239550152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    112884200                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    132657717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             50449257                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            33127735                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8442                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17517997                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       117964810                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1284960                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1271447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          384002916                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         293644184                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4601380                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              12756409                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         112884200                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           132657717                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    112884200                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.254535                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.254535                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443550                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443550                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      687773453                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     161277176                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     173929298                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16886                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         364106                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.203621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2062292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         396873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.196352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           201.605118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.235714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1640.833453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.683302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2489.134375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.002404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1177.047635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.053882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2048.625445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.867239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1176.354370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.296090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1510.684878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.311660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1513.083936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.632453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1187.810604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.791263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2048.031316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.371644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1517.378862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.464348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   945.139896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.391015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2474.212436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.605950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2457.763753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.362648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1135.735163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.495957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1597.948029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.584566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2475.861966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           331.045565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           339.048837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           271.782957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           362.395930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           272.201433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           303.793144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           312.179113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           259.626519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           360.510769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           310.831671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           245.494094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           337.086794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           359.772092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           331.467762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           354.457166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           373.108405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.050074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.075962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.035921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.062519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.035899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.046102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.046176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.036249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.062501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.046307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.028843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.075507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.075005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.034660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.048766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.075557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.010103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.008294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.011059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.007923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.007492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.010116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.011386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        48783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        42719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        48437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        49092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  588082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           175744                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                175744                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1888                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        48859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        42854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        48505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        49168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   589970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36053                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        48859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        42854                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34964                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        26474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42840                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34966                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25459                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        48505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27192                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36026                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        49168                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  589970                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                363910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 363960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29628                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14996                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14312                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32804                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                363960                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5727520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3312815567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6364986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5379359113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6288344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2422076126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5760286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4856655021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6231125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2424697678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5121054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3313439508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5174943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3287326379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6223980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2449187919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5885924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4855299743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5126857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3294405769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4784576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1882042461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5766197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5432476602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5878606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5426485920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6138048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2333728995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5767587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3296201420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6328155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5320515401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59379281810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1156721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       375238                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       963553                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       732627                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       169624                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1950656                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1573334                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       692260                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       310455                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       7924468                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5727520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3313972288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6364986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5379734351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6288344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2422076126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5760286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4856655021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6231125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2424697678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5121054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3314403061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5174943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3288059006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6223980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2449187919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5885924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4855299743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5126857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3294575393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4784576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1882042461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5766197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5434427258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5878606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5428059254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6138048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2333728995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5767587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3296893680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6328155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5320825856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      59387206278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5727520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3313972288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6364986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5379734351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6288344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2422076126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5760286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4856655021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6231125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2424697678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5121054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3314403061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5174943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3288059006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6223980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2449187919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5885924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4855299743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5126857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3294575393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4784576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1882042461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5766197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5434427258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5878606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5428059254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6138048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2333728995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5767587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3296893680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6328155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5320825856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     59387206278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              951992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       175744                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            175744                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               953930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        41504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              953930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.409526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.368625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.367143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.382262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.043210                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.084507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.069444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.014085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.128205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.025800                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.358545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.408764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.358117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.368260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.366822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.381537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.358545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.408764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.358117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.368260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.366822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.381537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150724.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164448.526533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155243.560976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162729.803461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157208.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162894.352411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151586.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163921.122620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163976.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163125.516550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150619.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162790.582097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152204.205882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162377.198271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155599.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163322.747333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154892.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163919.640209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150789.911765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162638.515452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 144987.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164284.432699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151742.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162863.550845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150733.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162893.942905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157385.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163060.997415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151778.605263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164530.369372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154345.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162200.945095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163170.239372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165245.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       187619                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160592.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 146525.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       169624                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150050.461538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 157333.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       173065                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 155227.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158489.360000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150724.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164448.803493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155243.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162731.309205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157208.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162894.352411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151586.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163921.122620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163976.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163125.516550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150619.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162789.934234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152204.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162373.284247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155599.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163322.747333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154892.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163919.640209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150789.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162638.860295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 144987.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164284.432699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151742.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162858.559082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150733.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162892.274225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157385.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163060.997415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151778.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164532.073061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154345.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162200.519937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163169.596324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150724.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164448.803493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155243.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162731.309205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157208.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162894.352411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151586.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163921.122620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163976.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163125.516550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150619.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162789.934234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152204.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162373.284247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155599.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163322.747333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154892.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163919.640209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150789.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162638.860295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 144987.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164284.432699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151742.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162858.559082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150733.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162892.274225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157385.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163060.997415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151778.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164532.073061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154345.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162200.519937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163169.596324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                89655                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     89655                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           363910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            363960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        14869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        33323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           363960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3515963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2139667239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3981275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3455409719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3966794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1556236497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3549387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3131488108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4024802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1559178451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3143120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2127845109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3198332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2108148362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3899500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1576027408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3675286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3130737730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3149115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2114450295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2862412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1214978857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3556119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3490996932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3610509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3487382853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3873238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1500362739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3552542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2129473443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3945774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3411378004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38191265914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       749617                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       258497                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       614669                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       441560                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       111797                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1193242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       991719                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       458070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       193570                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5012741                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3515963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2140416856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3981275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3455668216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3966794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1556236497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3549387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3131488108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4024802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1559178451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3143120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2128459778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3198332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2108589922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3899500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1576027408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3675286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3130737730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3149115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2114562092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2862412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1214978857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3556119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3492190174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3610509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3488374572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3873238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1500362739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3552542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2129931513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3945774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3411571574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38196278655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3515963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2140416856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3981275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3455668216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3966794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1556236497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3549387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3131488108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4024802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1559178451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3143120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2128459778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3198332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2108589922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3899500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1576027408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3675286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3130737730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3149115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2114562092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2862412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1214978857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3556119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3492190174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3610509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3488374572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3873238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1500362739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3552542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2129931513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3945774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3411571574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38196278655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.409526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.368625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.367143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.409535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.382262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.043210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.084507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.069444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.128205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.358545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.408764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.358117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.368260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.366822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.381537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.358545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.403562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.408764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.358117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.368260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.366822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.381537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92525.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106213.315413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97104.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104528.835617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99169.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104663.158047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93404.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105693.536790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105915.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104896.289760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92444.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104541.864449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94068.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104131.803507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97487.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105096.519605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96718.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105696.749831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92621.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104386.369224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 86739.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106056.115311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93582.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104658.740017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92577.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104685.343650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99313.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104832.499930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93487.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106292.974094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96238.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103999.085544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104947.008639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107088.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 129248.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102444.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        88312                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       111797                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91787.846154                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99171.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114517.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        96785                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100254.820000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92525.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106213.619293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97104.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104530.331105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99169.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104663.158047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93404.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105693.536790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105915.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104896.289760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92444.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104541.246464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94068.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104127.897383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97487.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105096.519605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96718.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105696.749831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92621.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104386.735055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 86739.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106056.115311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93582.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104653.725733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92577.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104683.689104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99313.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104832.499930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93487.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106294.615880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96238.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103998.645714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104946.364037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92525.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106213.619293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97104.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104530.331105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99169.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104663.158047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93404.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105693.536790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105915.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104896.289760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92444.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104541.246464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94068.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104127.897383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97487.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105096.519605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96718.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105696.749831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92621.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104386.735055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 86739.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106056.115311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93582.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104653.725733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92577.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104683.689104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99313.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104832.499930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93487.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106294.615880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96238.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103998.645714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104946.364037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              519.467440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012171886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1942748.341651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.467440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12163794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12163794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12163794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12163794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12163794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12163794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7763554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7763554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7763554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7763554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7763554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7763554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12163843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12163843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12163843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12163843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12163843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12163843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158439.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158439.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158439.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158439.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158439.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158439.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6273044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6273044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6273044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6273044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6273044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6273044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160847.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160847.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160847.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160847.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160847.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160847.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56205                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172656343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3057.975293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.810657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.189343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8576621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8576621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7261077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7261077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17676                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17676                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15837698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15837698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15837698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15837698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       195681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       195681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25204766907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25204766907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    483176661                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483176661                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25687943568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25687943568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25687943568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25687943568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8768499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8768499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17676                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17676                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16033379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16033379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16033379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16033379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 131358.294891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131358.294891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 127051.449119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127051.449119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 131274.592669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131274.592669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 131274.592669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131274.592669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5948500078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5948500078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     11632902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11632902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5960132980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5960132980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5960132980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5960132980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106141.714005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106141.714005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 71808.037037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71808.037037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106042.753848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106042.753848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106042.753848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106042.753848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              581.676844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1041623797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1780553.499145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    40.640642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.036201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.065129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12041016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12041016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12041016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12041016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12041016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12041016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8719556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8719556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8719556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8719556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8719556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8719556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12041067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12041067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12041067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12041067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12041067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12041067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170971.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170971.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170971.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170971.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170971.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170971.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7364075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7364075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7364075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7364075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7364075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7364075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175335.119048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175335.119048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175335.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175335.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175335.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175335.119048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                81918                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              450452805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                82174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5481.695001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.909489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.090511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     31591305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31591305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17299870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17299870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8945                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8945                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     48891175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       48891175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     48891175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      48891175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       290383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       290383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35095266688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35095266688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23912938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23912938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35119179626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35119179626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  35119179626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35119179626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     31881429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31881429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17300129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17300129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8945                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8945                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8441                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8441                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49181558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49181558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49181558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49181558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120966.437413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120966.437413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92327.945946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92327.945946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120940.894012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120940.894012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120940.894012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120940.894012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           13786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9140809287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9140809287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5855710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5855710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9146664997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9146664997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9146664997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9146664997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111691.218072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111691.218072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 75073.205128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75073.205128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111656.351437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111656.351437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111656.351437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111656.351437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              516.088578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1011047256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1955603.976789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    41.088578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.065847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12351421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12351421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12351421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12351421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12351421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12351421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10011899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10011899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10011899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10011899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10011899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10011899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12351473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12351473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12351473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12351473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12351473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12351473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 192536.519231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192536.519231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 192536.519231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192536.519231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 192536.519231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192536.519231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8185090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8185090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8185090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8185090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8185090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8185090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 194883.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194883.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 194883.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194883.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 194883.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194883.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                41483                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              166593816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                41739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3991.322648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.362231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.637769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8504486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8504486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7157821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7157821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18647                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18647                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15662307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15662307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15662307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15662307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       132858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       133759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       133759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       133759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       133759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16569542609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16569542609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     79653206                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79653206                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16649195815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16649195815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16649195815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16649195815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8637344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8637344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7158722                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7158722                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18647                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18647                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15796066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15796066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15796066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15796066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124716.182759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124716.182759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 88405.334073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88405.334073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124471.593052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124471.593052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124471.593052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124471.593052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        91529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        92276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        92276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4356311289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4356311289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10540732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10540732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4366852021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4366852021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4366852021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4366852021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105405.678555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105405.678555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68446.311688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68446.311688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105268.471928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105268.471928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105268.471928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105268.471928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              527.717955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1016760333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1922042.217391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.717955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.060445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12302288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12302288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12302288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12302288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12302288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12302288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7703771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7703771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7703771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7703771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7703771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7703771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12302336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12302336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12302336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12302336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12302336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12302336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160495.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160495.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160495.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160495.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160495.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160495.229167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6359955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6359955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6359955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6359955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6359955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6359955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163075.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163075.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163075.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163075.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163075.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163075.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                72482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              181302391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                72738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2492.540227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.170631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.829369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8534234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8534234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7071931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7071931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15606165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15606165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15606165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15606165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       183513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       184331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       184331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       184331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       184331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22519514415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22519514415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70581185                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70581185                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22590095600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22590095600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22590095600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22590095600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8717747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8717747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7072749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7072749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15790496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15790496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15790496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15790496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122713.455804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122713.455804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86285.067237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86285.067237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122551.798667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122551.798667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122551.798667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122551.798667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9078                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9078                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       111166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       111849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       111849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       111849                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       111849                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8041489701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8041489701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9061328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9061328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8050551029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8050551029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8050551029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8050551029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111151.667671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111151.667671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67120.948148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67120.948148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111069.659074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111069.659074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111069.659074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111069.659074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              515.299427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011045772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1959391.031008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    40.299427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.064582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12349937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12349937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12349937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12349937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12349937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12349937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9860325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9860325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9860325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9860325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9860325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9860325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12349985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12349985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12349985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12349985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12349985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12349985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 205423.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 205423.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 205423.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 205423.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 205423.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 205423.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8465233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8465233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8465233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8465233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8465233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8465233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 206469.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206469.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 206469.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206469.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 206469.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206469.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                41506                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166598225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3989.230042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.362598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.637402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8505874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8505874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7160998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7160998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15666872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15666872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15666872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15666872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       132992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       133865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       133865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       133865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       133865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16590498267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16590498267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     75547714                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75547714                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16666045981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16666045981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16666045981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16666045981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8638866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8638866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7161871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7161871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18484                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18484                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15800737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15800737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15800737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15800737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124748.092118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124748.092118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86538.045819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86538.045819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124498.905472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124498.905472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124498.905472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124498.905472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        91636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4360971946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4360971946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10051786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10051786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4371023732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4371023732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4371023732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4371023732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105449.558613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105449.558613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67011.906667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67011.906667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105310.647424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105310.647424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105310.647424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105310.647424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.268545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              931033013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1656642.371886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.041252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.227293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.052951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12335830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12335830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12335830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12335830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12335830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12335830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6555554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6555554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6555554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6555554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6555554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6555554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12335874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12335874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12335874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12335874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12335874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12335874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148989.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148989.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148989.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148989.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148989.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148989.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5601047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5601047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5601047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5601047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5601047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5601047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160029.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160029.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160029.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160029.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160029.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160029.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55287                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224718587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4045.848928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   203.332967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    52.667033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.794269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.205731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18137620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18137620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3494944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3494944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21632564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       21632564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21632564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      21632564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       192966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       193309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       193309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22292043948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22292043948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32029265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32029265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22324073213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22324073213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22324073213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22324073213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18330586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18330586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3495287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21825873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21825873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21825873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21825873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115523.169615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115523.169615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93379.781341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93379.781341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115483.879245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115483.879245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115483.879245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115483.879245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       137750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       138022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       138022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5877546622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5877546622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5418084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5418084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5882964706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5882964706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5882964706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5882964706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106446.439836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106446.439836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 76311.042254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76311.042254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106407.739722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106407.739722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106407.739722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106407.739722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.545410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              931035751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1656647.243772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.394822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.150589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12338568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12338568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12338568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12338568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12338568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12338568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6793132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6793132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6793132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6793132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6793132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6793132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12338611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12338611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12338611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12338611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12338611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12338611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157979.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157979.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157979.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157979.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157979.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157979.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5650312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5650312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5650312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5650312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5650312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5650312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161437.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161437.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161437.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161437.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161437.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161437.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              224717534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4051.154390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   202.839549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    53.160451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.792342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.207658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18136051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18136051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3495472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3495472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8254                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8254                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21631523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       21631523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21631523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      21631523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       192925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       193276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       193276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       193276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       193276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22224869483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22224869483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31218303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31218303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22256087786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22256087786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22256087786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22256087786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18328976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18328976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3495823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8254                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21824799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21824799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21824799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21824799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115199.530818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115199.530818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 88941.034188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88941.034188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115151.843923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115151.843923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115151.843923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115151.843923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       137783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       138062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       138062                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138062                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5850851620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5850851620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5293467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5293467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5856145087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5856145087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5856145087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5856145087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106105.176091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106105.176091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73520.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73520.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106062.684953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106062.684953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106062.684953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106062.684953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.032057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011046868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1951827.930502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    42.032057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.067359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12351033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12351033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12351033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12351033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12351033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12351033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10356120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10356120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10356120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10356120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10356120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10356120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12351085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12351085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12351085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12351085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12351085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12351085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 199156.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199156.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 199156.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 199156.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 199156.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 199156.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8830929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8830929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8830929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8830929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8830929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8830929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205370.441860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205370.441860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205370.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205370.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205370.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205370.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                41470                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166586399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                41726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3992.388415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.362243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.637757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8499878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8499878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7155014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7155014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15654892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15654892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15654892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15654892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       132998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          880                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          880                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       133878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       133878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       133878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       133878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16627933207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16627933207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     77491326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77491326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16705424533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16705424533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16705424533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16705424533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8632876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8632876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7155894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7155894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18651                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18651                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17230                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17230                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15788770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15788770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15788770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15788770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125023.934247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125023.934247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 88058.325000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88058.325000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124780.953801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124780.953801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124780.953801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124780.953801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        91679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        92408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        92408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        41470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4373765998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4373765998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10327471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10327471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4384093469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4384093469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4384093469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4384093469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105853.626612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105853.626612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 68393.847682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68393.847682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105717.228575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105717.228575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105717.228575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105717.228575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              527.580185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1016760977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1922043.434783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.580185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.060225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12302932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12302932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12302932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12302932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12302932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12302932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7671616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7671616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7671616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7671616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7671616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7671616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12302979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12302979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12302979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12302979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12302979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12302979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163225.872340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163225.872340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163225.872340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163225.872340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163225.872340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163225.872340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6467153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6467153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6467153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6467153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6467153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6467153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165824.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165824.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165824.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165824.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165824.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165824.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                72460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              181296667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                72716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2493.215620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.168440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.831560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8530996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8530996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7069304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7069304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15600300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15600300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15600300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15600300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       184039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       184852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       184852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       184852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       184852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22641223368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22641223368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     70290615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70290615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22711513983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22711513983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22711513983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22711513983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8715035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8715035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7070117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7070117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15785152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15785152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15785152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15785152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123024.051250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123024.051250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86458.321033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86458.321033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122863.231033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122863.231033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122863.231033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122863.231033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       111713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8041163055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8041163055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9008097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9008097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8050171152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8050171152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8050171152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8050171152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111179.424481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111179.424481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67224.604478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67224.604478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111098.139001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111098.139001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111098.139001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111098.139001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              558.546898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              931037150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1656649.733096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.357293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.189605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.053457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12339967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12339967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12339967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12339967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12339967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12339967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6767979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6767979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6767979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6767979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6767979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6767979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12340011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12340011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12340011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12340011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12340011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12340011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153817.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153817.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153817.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153817.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153817.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153817.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5625091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5625091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5625091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5625091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5625091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5625091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160716.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160716.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160716.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160716.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160716.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160716.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55223                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              224702904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4050.233494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   203.169515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    52.830485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.793631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.206369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18122917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18122917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3493963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3493963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21616880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       21616880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21616880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      21616880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       193263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       193263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       193263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       193263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22262335450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22262335450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30267022                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30267022                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22292602472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22292602472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22292602472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22292602472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18315837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18315837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3494306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3494306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21810143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21810143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21810143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21810143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115396.721180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115396.721180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 88242.046647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88242.046647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115348.527509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115348.527509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115348.527509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115348.527509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       137768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       138040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       138040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5859189868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5859189868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4864528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4864528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5864054396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5864054396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5864054396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5864054396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106237.124093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106237.124093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 68514.478873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68514.478873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106188.624233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106188.624233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106188.624233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106188.624233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              489.565974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1014239497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2069876.524490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.565974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.055394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12450539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12450539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12450539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12450539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12450539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12450539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6692484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6692484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6692484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6692484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6692484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6692484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12450584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12450584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12450584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12450584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12450584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12450584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148721.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148721.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148721.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148721.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148721.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148721.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5245845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5245845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5245845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5245845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5245845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5245845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149881.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149881.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149881.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149881.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149881.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149881.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                36915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              164389427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                37171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4422.518280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.473383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.526617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9933139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9933139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7382165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7382165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19209                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19209                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17315304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       17315304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17315304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      17315304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        94727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2157                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2157                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        96884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        96884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        96884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        96884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10327245757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10327245757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    143331465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    143331465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10470577222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10470577222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10470577222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10470577222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10027866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10027866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7384322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7384322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19209                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19209                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17412188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17412188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17412188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17412188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109021.142409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109021.142409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66449.450626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66449.450626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108073.337414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108073.337414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108073.337414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108073.337414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       186687                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 26669.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        58026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        59969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        59969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3689180528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3689180528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16275271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16275271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3705455799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3705455799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3705455799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3705455799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100519.891229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100519.891229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 76052.668224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76052.668224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100378.052255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100378.052255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100378.052255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100378.052255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              578.769172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1041618922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1789723.233677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.733014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.036159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.060470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12036141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12036141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12036141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12036141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12036141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12036141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8214679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8214679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8214679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8214679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8214679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8214679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12036188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12036188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12036188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12036188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12036188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12036188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174780.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174780.404255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174780.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174780.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174780.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174780.404255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6764537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6764537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6764537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6764537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6764537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6764537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173449.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173449.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173449.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173449.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173449.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173449.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                81772                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              450427794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                82028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5491.146852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.909410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.090590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     31575790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31575790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17290871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17290871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     48866661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       48866661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     48866661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      48866661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       289812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       290071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       290071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       290071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35214208519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35214208519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     26753846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26753846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35240962365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35240962365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35240962365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35240962365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     31865602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31865602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17291130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17291130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49156732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49156732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49156732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49156732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121507.075342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121507.075342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103296.702703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103296.702703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121490.815576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121490.815576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121490.815576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121490.815576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           14149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       208118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       208299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       208299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        81694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        81772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        81772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9165092583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9165092583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6802598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6802598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9171895181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9171895181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9171895181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9171895181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112188.074804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112188.074804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87212.794872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87212.794872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112164.251590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112164.251590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112164.251590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112164.251590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              579.635895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1041619645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1786654.622642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.599672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.036223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12036864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12036864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12036864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12036864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12036864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12036864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8174052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8174052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8174052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8174052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8174052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8174052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12036915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12036915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12036915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12036915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12036915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12036915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160275.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160275.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160275.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160275.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160275.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160275.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6502819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6502819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6502819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6502819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6502819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6502819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162570.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162570.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162570.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162570.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162570.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162570.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                81828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              450423742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                82084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5487.351274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.909114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.090886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     31572872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31572872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17289292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17289292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8437                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8437                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     48862164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       48862164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     48862164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      48862164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       290367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       290367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       290367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  35260959470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35260959470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     26087030                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26087030                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  35287046500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35287046500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  35287046500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35287046500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     31862981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31862981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17289550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17289550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8437                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8437                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     49152531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49152531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     49152531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49152531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121543.831698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121543.831698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101112.519380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101112.519380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121525.677849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121525.677849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121525.677849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121525.677849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           14676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       208359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       208539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       208539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9161491298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9161491298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6667899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6667899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9168159197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9168159197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9168159197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9168159197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112067.171841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112067.171841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85485.884615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85485.884615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112041.834054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112041.834054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112041.834054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112041.834054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              516.163213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1011055036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1955619.025145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    41.163213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.065967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12359201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12359201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12359201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12359201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12359201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12359201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10077194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10077194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10077194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10077194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10077194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10077194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12359249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12359249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12359249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12359249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12359249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12359249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 209941.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 209941.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 209941.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209941.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 209941.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209941.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8756297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8756297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8756297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8756297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8756297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8756297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 208483.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208483.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 208483.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208483.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 208483.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208483.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                41504                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166596690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                41760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3989.384339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.364466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.635534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8505034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8505034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7160071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7160071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15665105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15665105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15665105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15665105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       132877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       133764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       133764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       133764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       133764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16423856509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16423856509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     76690049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76690049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16500546558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16500546558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16500546558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16500546558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8637911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8637911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7160958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7160958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15798869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15798869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15798869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15798869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123601.951496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123601.951496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86460.032694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86460.032694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123355.660402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123355.660402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123355.660402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123355.660402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        91525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        41504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4300773921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4300773921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10201960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10201960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4310975881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4310975881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4310975881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4310975881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104004.012406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104004.012406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67118.157895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67118.157895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103868.925429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103868.925429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103868.925429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103868.925429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.993700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012172371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1942749.272553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.993700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.059285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12164279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12164279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12164279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12164279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12164279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12164279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7578316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7578316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7578316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7578316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7578316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7578316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12164327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12164327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12164327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12164327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12164327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12164327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157881.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157881.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157881.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157881.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157881.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157881.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6298183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6298183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6298183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6298183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6298183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6298183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161491.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161491.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161491.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161491.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161491.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161491.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                56063                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              172664273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                56319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3065.826329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.810762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.189238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8581919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8581919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7263595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7263595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17783                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17783                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16716                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16716                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15845514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15845514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15845514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15845514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       195476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       195476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       195476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25063880960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25063880960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    483489879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483489879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25547370839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25547370839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25547370839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25547370839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8773591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8773591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7267399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7267399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17783                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17783                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16716                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16716                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16040990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16040990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16040990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16040990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130764.435911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130764.435911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 127100.388801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127100.388801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130693.132860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130693.132860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 130693.132860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130693.132860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       126956                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       126956                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           18570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       139412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       139412                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139412                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5927838118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5927838118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11312350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11312350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5939150468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5939150468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5939150468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5939150468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106036.028155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106036.028155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 70702.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70702.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105935.189569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105935.189569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105935.189569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105935.189569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              581.715363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1041625973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1780557.218803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    40.641115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.074247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.065130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12043192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12043192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12043192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12043192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12043192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12043192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9058770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9058770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9058770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9058770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9058770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9058770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12043242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12043242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12043242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12043242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12043242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12043242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181175.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181175.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181175.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181175.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 181175.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181175.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7735926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7735926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7735926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7735926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7735926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7735926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 184188.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184188.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 184188.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184188.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 184188.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184188.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                81972                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              450463393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                82228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5478.223878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.908549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.091451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     31597652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31597652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17304136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17304136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8443                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8443                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     48901788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       48901788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     48901788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      48901788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       291116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       291374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       291374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       291374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35136038638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35136038638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     23054046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23054046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35159092684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35159092684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35159092684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35159092684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     31888768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31888768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17304394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17304394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8443                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8443                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     49193162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49193162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     49193162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49193162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120694.289005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120694.289005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89356.767442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89356.767442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120666.540886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120666.540886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120666.540886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120666.540886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           15437                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       209222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       209402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       209402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9099485737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9099485737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5768365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5768365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9105254102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9105254102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9105254102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9105254102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111112.972098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111112.972098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73953.397436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73953.397436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111077.613112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111077.613112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111077.613112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111077.613112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
