
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105127562                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391204441299                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 381599                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   498337                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36751                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67752904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30070.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11474807506                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14985158067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        41984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        21632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        41984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        63744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        62976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               482304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17952679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20037506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17952679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     37990185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     19574211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     37990185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     57680219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17836855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     56985277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     19921682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               436423827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           30461642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         172809010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              172809010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         172809010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17952679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20037506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17952679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     37990185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     19574211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     37990185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     57680219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17836855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     56985277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     19921682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              609232837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1899896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       262289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2186700     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7754      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16661      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6896      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36028      1.49%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32620      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6341      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13397      0.56%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103703      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.427380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1878670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       283914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1881938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        241331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        31889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        10474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         4540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         3337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1003                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           24240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956810     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139281      5.78%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112339      4.66%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48691      2.02%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60303      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56308      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32159      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2689      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1520      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3096     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23700     86.15%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          713      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792986     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10992      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298590     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154078     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.474201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4952223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        234285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1335462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.504551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1956257     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159003      6.66%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73909      3.10%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72106      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19791      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82275      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6437      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4654      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11335      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2667018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                240087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.650187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.650187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1570171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         184521                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164969                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16179                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123055                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119701                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10447                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          497                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1948352                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1051608                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            184521                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       130148                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              232986                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         53491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        64014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          119206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15675                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2282583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.514489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.754409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2049597     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          35712      1.56%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17524      0.77%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          35326      1.55%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          10136      0.44%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          32997      1.45%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           4941      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8350      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          88000      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2282583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.069626                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.396805                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1935328                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        77755                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          232366                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          249                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        36879                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        16756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          352                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1169898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        36879                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1937154                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         51686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        20891                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          230594                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         5373                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1167345                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1524695                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5282048                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5282048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1203648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         321036                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          146                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           14480                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       216450                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        32461                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         6921                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1159486                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1074057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       230859                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       492180                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2282583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1814775     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       141869      6.22%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160560      7.03%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91706      4.02%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47273      2.07%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12419      0.54%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13381      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          323      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          277      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2282583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1816     57.82%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          725     23.08%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          600     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       838248     78.05%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7986      0.74%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           72      0.01%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       195733     18.22%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32018      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1074057                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.405276                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3141                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4434845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1390501                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1044186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1077198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          899                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47614                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1284                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        36879                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         46587                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          668                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1159634                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       216450                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32461                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          371                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9996                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7027                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17023                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1059592                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       192773                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14463                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             224781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         161036                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            32008                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.399818                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1044677                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1044186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          632823                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1358044                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.394005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.465981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       827700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       926434                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       233249                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        15902                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2245704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1903114     84.74%     84.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       132805      5.91%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86802      3.87%     94.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27191      1.21%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46536      2.07%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8534      0.38%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5579      0.25%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4980      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30163      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2245704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       827700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       926434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               200006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              168829                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           142592                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          808158                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11130                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        30163                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3375224                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2356271                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 45439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                367604                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            827700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              926434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       827700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.201869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.201869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.312318                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.312318                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4931871                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1356230                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1248792                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         204065                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167139                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21439                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82665                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78385                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20695                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1143704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            204065                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        99080                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              237718                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       116633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          121047                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21287                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2347239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2109521     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          11089      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17370      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          23279      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          24299      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          20603      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          11123      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          17155      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         112800      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2347239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077000                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431556                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1934654                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       137220                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          237088                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        37892                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        33298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1402128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        37892                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1940402                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         21877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       102821                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          231713                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12532                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1400428                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1956057                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6512724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6512724                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1662276                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         293763                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           39416                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       131682                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        69920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        15603                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397087                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315505                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       424953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2347239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1792391     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227057      9.67%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115318      4.91%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87878      3.74%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68696      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27717      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17786      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9075      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1321      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2347239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107076     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19632      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118995      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69639      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315505                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.496382                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001784                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4980856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1571112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1293879                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1317852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23740                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        37892                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         18833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1279                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1397415                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131682                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11760                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12605                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24365                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1295833                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111849                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             181474                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         183640                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            69625                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.488959                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1293945                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1293879                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          743988                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2006241                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.488222                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.370837                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204973                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820483     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242037     10.48%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91800      3.98%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43478      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36420      1.58%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21329      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19032      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8285      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26483      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       969081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1192447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               176608                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              107942                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           171992                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1074337                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        24552                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        26483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3680284                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2832744                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31270                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                302948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            969081                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1192447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       969081                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.734743                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.734743                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.365665                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.365665                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5830437                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1804363                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1298309                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         204207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167264                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82717                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78437                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20706                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955950                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1144511                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            204207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        99143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              237884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         59791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       114677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          121123                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21302                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2346597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2108713     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11094      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17381      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23295      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          24320      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          20615      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11131      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17162      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         112886      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2346597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077054                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1935774                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       135270                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          237251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        37920                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        33314                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1403110                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        37920                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1941530                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         20386                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       102358                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          231861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12540                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1401334                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1957311                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6516934                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6516934                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1663226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         294043                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           39459                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       131776                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        69959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          794                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15615                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397995                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173863                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2346597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1791435     76.34%     76.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227176      9.68%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115379      4.92%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87931      3.75%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68739      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27736      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17795      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9081      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1325      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2346597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     13.11%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          851     36.23%     49.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107747     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19644      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119070      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69676      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.496682                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2349                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4981806                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1572193                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294663                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318649                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2697                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23767                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        37920                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         17342                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131776                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             181582                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         183747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            69662                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.489256                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1294729                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1294663                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          744437                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2007464                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.488518                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205162                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21534                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1819542     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242163     10.49%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91855      3.98%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43507      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36436      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21339      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19047      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8289      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26499      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       969632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1193130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               176705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              108007                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           172092                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1074948                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24564                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26499                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3680470                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2834544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 31288                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                303590                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            969632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1193130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       969632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.733188                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.733188                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.365873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.365873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5833987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1805465                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1299204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         194399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159463                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20898                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19573                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1863794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1108812                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            194399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        93622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              242700                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         59648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       181231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          116352                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20640                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2326146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2083446     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          25781      1.11%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          30560      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          16344      0.70%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          18377      0.79%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          10976      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7149      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18744      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         114769      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2326146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.418390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1847806                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       197836                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          240409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        31287                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1351828                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2093                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1851267                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         19633                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       169164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          239064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8998                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1349980                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1879282                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6282846                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6282846                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1576886                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         302369                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           25368                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       129142                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        69454                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14636                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1346280                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1264299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2326146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1792313     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215293      9.26%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115338      4.96%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80493      3.46%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69266      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34851      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8782      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5640      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4170      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2326146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     41.59%     53.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1276     46.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1059382     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19589      1.55%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116423      9.21%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68752      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1264299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477060                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2758                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4859135                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1529359                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1241607                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1267057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3276                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24542                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         15204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1223                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1346646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129142                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69454                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          810                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        23617                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1244027                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             178204                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         173638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            68717                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.469411                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1241711                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1241607                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          739521                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1935538                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.468498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382075                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       926075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210458                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2288129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823131     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216095      9.44%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90537      3.96%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54103      2.36%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37345      1.63%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24176      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12737      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10006      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19999      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2288129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       926075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1136194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               172274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              104600                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           162623                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1024280                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        23100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        19999                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3614769                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2731342                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 30642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                324041                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            926075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1136194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       926075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.861741                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.861741                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.349438                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.349438                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5611185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1726508                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1261197                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         185525                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165780                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16324                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123259                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119995                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10623                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          492                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959352                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1057840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            185525                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       130618                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              234285                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         53879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        56549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          119910                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15823                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2287660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2053375     89.76%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          35799      1.56%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17712      0.77%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          35298      1.54%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10303      0.45%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          33056      1.44%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5030      0.22%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8525      0.37%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          88562      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2287660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070004                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.399157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1946460                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        70175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          233657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          243                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        16944                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1177500                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1563                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1948284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         47203                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        17890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          231913                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         5245                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1175104                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1535785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5319207                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5319207                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1213831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         321954                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           14059                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       217267                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        32808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          285                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         7074                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1167704                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1082488                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1054                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232101                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       492806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2287660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1816348     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143436      6.27%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160979      7.04%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92367      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47757      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12580      0.55%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13573      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          333      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          287      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2287660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1857     58.25%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          731     22.93%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          600     18.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845398     78.10%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8068      0.75%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196571     18.16%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32378      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1082488                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.408457                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3188                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002945                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4456878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1399961                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052295                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1085676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          947                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         42088                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          644                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1167852                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217267                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          351                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10085                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7093                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        17178                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1067736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193413                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             225784                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         162083                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            32371                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.402891                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1052772                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1052295                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          637669                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1372997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.397064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.464436                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       833541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       933551                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16044                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2250541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1904961     84.64%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134212      5.96%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87474      3.89%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27373      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46911      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8660      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5628      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5016      0.22%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30306      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2250541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       833541                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       933551                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               200992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              169433                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           143589                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          814564                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        11262                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        30306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3388129                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2372921                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 45525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                362527                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            833541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              933551                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       833541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.179432                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.179432                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.314522                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.314522                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        4968866                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1367930                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1255826                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         179620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161789                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11169                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68806                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62400                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9693                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          523                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1889008                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1125486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            179620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        72093                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              221909                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         35668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       276853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          110053                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11019                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2412019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2190110     90.80%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           7712      0.32%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16394      0.68%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           6826      0.28%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          35875      1.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          32558      1.35%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6314      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          13138      0.54%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         103092      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2412019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067776                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.424682                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1872388                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       293873                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          220913                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        24066                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        15839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          184                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1318873                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1105                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        24066                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1875307                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        254064                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        31461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          218958                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1316966                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         3613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         2957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          106                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1554224                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6195757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6195757                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1339112                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         215106                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           21437                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       307862                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       154385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1454                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1312306                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          160                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1248473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1228                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124787                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       307392                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2412019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1962911     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       137508      5.70%     87.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111005      4.60%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48131      2.00%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        59750      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56416      2.34%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32097      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2708      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1493      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2412019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3083     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23847     86.35%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          688      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       786026     62.96%     62.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10879      0.87%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       297874     23.86%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153620     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1248473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.471089                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27618                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022121                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4937811                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1437300                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1235761                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1276091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2274                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15814                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1710                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        24066                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        248487                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2142                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1312466                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       307862                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1390                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5823                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6955                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        12778                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1238427                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       296747                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             450328                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         161974                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           153581                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.467298                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1235870                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1235761                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          668893                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1322689                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.466292                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505707                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       994277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1168441                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144172                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        11200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2387953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1961224     82.13%     82.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       157594      6.60%     88.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73566      3.08%     91.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71735      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19304      0.81%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82553      3.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6402      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4483      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11092      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2387953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       994277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1168441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               444719                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              292044                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           154307                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1038992                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        11305                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        11092                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3689474                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2649306                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 42067                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                238168                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            994277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1168441                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       994277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.665441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.665441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.375172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.375172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6115552                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1439793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1561974                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         204291                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21467                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82744                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78459                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956773                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1145084                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            204291                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        99177                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              237995                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         59840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       112002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          121177                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21312                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2344892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2106897     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11098      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17383      0.74%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          23306      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          24327      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          20623      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11140      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          17169      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         112949      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2344892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077086                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432077                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1936567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       132627                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          237359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        33325                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1403809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1942326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         21957                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        98132                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          231968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        12552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1402043                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1958341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6520232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6520232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1663944                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         294397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           39484                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       131846                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        69988                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316903                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426004                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2344892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1789491     76.31%     76.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227256      9.69%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115429      4.92%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87983      3.75%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68774      2.93%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27748      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17797      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9090      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2344892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108237     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19664      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119134      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69705      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316903                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.496909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4981307                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1573112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295247                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23794                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         18898                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1281                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131846                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69988                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12621                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297202                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111971                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             181662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         183811                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            69691                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.489476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1295311                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1295247                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          744795                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2008367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.488738                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205386                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1817612     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242254     10.50%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91883      3.98%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43525      1.89%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36442      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21354      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19065      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8295      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26507      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       970046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1193644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               176782                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              108052                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           172152                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1075425                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        24577                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3679460                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2836019                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 31305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                305295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            970046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1193644                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       970046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.732022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.732022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.366029                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.366029                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5836650                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1806309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1299847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2649903                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         193716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20883                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73649                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1856404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1105721                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            193716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        93226                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              241940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         59828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       188268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          116073                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2325201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2083261     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          25718      1.11%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          30281      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          16378      0.70%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          18222      0.78%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          10856      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7235      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          18869      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         114381      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2325201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073103                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.417268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1840284                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       205003                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          239614                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2111                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        38186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31255                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1348414                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        38186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1843784                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         17276                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       178647                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          238234                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1346602                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1874125                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6267151                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6267151                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1569744                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         304324                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           25642                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       128967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        69299                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1750                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14774                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1342810                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1260618                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184174                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428965                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2325201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793558     77.14%     77.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214064      9.21%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114737      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80165      3.45%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69306      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34806      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8798      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5593      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4174      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2325201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1172     42.91%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1227     44.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056001     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19512      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116358      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68595      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1260618                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.475722                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2731                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4850831                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1527383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1237502                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1263349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24813                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1928                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           43                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        38186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         12858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1343172                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69299                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          792                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12133                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        23583                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1240098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             177691                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         172909                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            68552                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.467979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1237604                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1237502                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          736820                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1929954                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.466999                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381781                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       921752                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20810                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2287015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824232     79.76%     79.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215022      9.40%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90085      3.94%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53963      2.36%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37024      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24091      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12687      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9959      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19952      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2287015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       921752                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1131083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               171482                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              104137                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           161939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1019675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23020                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        19952                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3610156                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2724485                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 30595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                324702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            921752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1131083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       921752                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.874855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.874855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.347844                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.347844                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5592811                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1720700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1257513                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         232563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193775                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22758                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82707                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24487                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1275218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            232563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       107194                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              264607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       152081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          126377                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.635413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.005878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2203528     89.28%     89.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15896      0.64%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20127      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          32144      1.30%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13493      0.55%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          17425      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          20050      0.81%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9471      0.38%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         136001      5.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2468135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.087753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.481180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1998116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       165426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          263208                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        35072                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1557411                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2000740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          6121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       153065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          260738                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6261                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1546548                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2160211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7186945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7186945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1772524                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         387678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           23483                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       146206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        74809                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16604                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1507842                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1435129                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430298                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1861849     75.44%     75.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       275218     11.15%     86.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112948      4.58%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63927      2.59%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85852      3.48%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27190      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26325      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13682      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1144      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10038     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.02%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1209203     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19470      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          176      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131840      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74440      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1435129                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12733                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5352946                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1711886                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1395482                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1447862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30892                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41209                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74809                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        26090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1408473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             203596                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         198659                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            74407                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531462                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1395522                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1395482                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          836309                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2246406                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.526560                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1031314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1270936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237286                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2426926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1888703     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273085     11.25%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98861      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49295      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44957      1.85%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19053      0.79%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18834      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8957      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25181      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2426926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1031314                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1270936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               188596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              115311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           184243                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1144257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        26262                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        25181                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3909954                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3057668                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32247                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                182052                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1031314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1270936                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1031314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.569719                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.569719                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.389148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.389148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6335500                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1951808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1438950                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2650181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         180038                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162143                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11152                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62371                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9746                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          506                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1889962                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1127438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            180038                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        72117                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              222149                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         35867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       273557                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          110135                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11016                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2187980     90.78%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           7726      0.32%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16265      0.67%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           6859      0.28%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          35927      1.49%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          32615      1.35%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6263      0.26%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          13224      0.55%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         103270      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2410129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067934                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.425419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1874044                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       289866                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          221172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        24279                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        15910                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1321000                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        24279                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1876909                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        249508                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        32342                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          219272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         7811                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1319219                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         3343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         2905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           87                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1557518                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6205794                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6205794                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1339988                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         217530                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           20752                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       308072                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       154410                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1422                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         7439                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1314580                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          160                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1249640                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1226                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       126231                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       312021                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1961016     81.37%     81.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       137352      5.70%     87.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110864      4.60%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47976      1.99%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60032      2.49%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56538      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32145      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2704      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1502      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3081     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23864     86.37%     97.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          684      2.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       787138     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10912      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       297839     23.83%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153677     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1249640                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.471530                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27629                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022110                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4938264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1441021                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1236978                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1277269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2270                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15977                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1704                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        24279                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        244352                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1314740                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308072                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154410                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1486                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5722                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7024                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        12746                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1239579                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       296791                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             450430                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         162171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           153639                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.467734                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1237089                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1236978                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          669866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1324549                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.466752                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.505731                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       994769                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1169051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        11185                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1958596     82.09%     82.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       158089      6.63%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73354      3.07%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71942      3.02%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19316      0.81%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82639      3.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6401      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4541      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10972      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       994769                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1169051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               444801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              292095                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           154390                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1039546                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        11318                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        10972                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3689814                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2654157                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 42068                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                240052                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            994769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1169051                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       994769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.664117                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.664117                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.375359                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.375359                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6120562                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1441729                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1564079                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         153136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       124744                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16632                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62853                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58083                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15115                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          724                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1484415                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts               906275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            153136                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        73198                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              185878                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         52086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       159331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines           93118                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16604                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      1864479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1678601     90.03%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           9746      0.52%     90.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          15577      0.84%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          23120      1.24%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4           9826      0.53%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          11724      0.63%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          12047      0.65%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8571      0.46%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          95267      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      1864479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.057783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.341966                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1465328                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       179051                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          184356                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1173                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        34568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        24946                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1098804                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        34568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1469102                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         51423                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       115873                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          181845                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        11665                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1095852                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          822                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1499432                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5107546                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5107546                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1228250                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         271173                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           34283                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       111638                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        61384                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        11703                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1091523                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          245                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1016075                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171883                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400214                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1864479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1430698     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       176465      9.46%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        97268      5.22%     91.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63839      3.42%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57980      3.11%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18042      0.97%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12770      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4529      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2888      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1864479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           302     12.12%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1038     41.67%     53.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1151     46.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       836346     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18666      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          112      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       101023      9.94%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59928      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1016075                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.383397                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2491                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002452                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3900928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1263713                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       997034                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1018566                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4781                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24626                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4455                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          819                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        34568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         41650                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1360                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1091768                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       111638                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        61384                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          701                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8867                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10301                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        19168                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1000988                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        95611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15087                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             155403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         135676                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            59792                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.377705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent               997138                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count              997034                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          590759                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1497156                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.376213                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.394587                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       735768                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       897344                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       195333                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16896                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1829911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1465799     80.10%     80.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       173671      9.49%     89.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71868      3.93%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36696      2.01%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27624      1.51%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15703      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9776      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8010      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20764      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1829911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       735768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       897344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               143936                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads               87010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           124580                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          811333                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        17502                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        20764                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            2901824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2219939                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 26986                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                785708                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            735768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              897344                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       735768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.601933                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.601933                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.277629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.277629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        4543488                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1363286                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1040680                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         186146                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166268                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123398                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         120120                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10638                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          513                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1962359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1060492                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            186146                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       130758                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              234933                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         53981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        62727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          120099                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15851                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2297564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.515875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2062631     89.77%     89.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          36025      1.57%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17700      0.77%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          35410      1.54%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          10330      0.45%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          33034      1.44%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           4937      0.21%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           8488      0.37%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          89009      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2297564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070239                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.400157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1949501                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        76317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          234293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        17089                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1180743                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1560                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1951342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         51541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        19623                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          232528                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         5334                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1178285                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1539970                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5333175                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5333175                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1216425                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         323534                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           14362                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       217478                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        32956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          289                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         7062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1170635                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1084658                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1002                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232952                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2297564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.086940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825365     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143609      6.25%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161314      7.02%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92440      4.02%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48093      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12660      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13444      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          347      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          292      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2297564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1840     57.95%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          727     22.90%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          608     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       847278     78.11%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8100      0.75%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196669     18.13%     97.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32537      3.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1084658                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.409276                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3175                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4471056                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1403745                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1054495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1087833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47844                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1253                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         46412                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1170783                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217478                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          374                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10004                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7215                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        17219                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1069887                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193540                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             226068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         162545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            32528                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.403702                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1054964                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1054495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          638836                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1375113                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.397895                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.464570                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       835098                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       935516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235311                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        16074                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.280598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1914050     84.68%     84.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134580      5.95%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87520      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27502      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47008      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8675      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5651      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5027      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30361      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       835098                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       935516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               201334                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              169631                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           143894                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          816333                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        11309                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        30361                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3400840                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2378867                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 45646                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                352623                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            835098                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              935516                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       835098                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.173504                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.173504                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.315109                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.315109                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        4977997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1370594                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1258780                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         204250                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167299                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21459                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82738                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78448                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956342                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1144809                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            204250                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        99162                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              237943                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       116621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          121149                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21304                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2111069     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11097      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17382      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          23300      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          24325      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          20620      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          11135      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17164      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         112920      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2349012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077070                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431973                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1936140                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       137240                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          237308                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        33321                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1403480                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1941898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         23421                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       101287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          231919                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12546                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1401708                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1957857                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6518675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6518675                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1663604                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         294248                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           39479                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       131815                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        69974                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          796                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15624                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398357                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316627                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173986                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425688                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1793716     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227216      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115412      4.91%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87964      3.74%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68760      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27740      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17796      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9085      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1323      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108006     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19656      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119111      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69691      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316627                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.496805                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4984875                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1572678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2700                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         20364                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1285                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398685                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131815                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69974                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1089                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11768                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12617                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296933                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             181629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         183779                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            69677                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.489374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1295039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1294975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          744645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2007987                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.488635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205287                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21538                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1821838     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242210     10.48%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91871      3.98%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43520      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36435      1.58%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21349      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19053      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8293      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26504      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       969851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1193398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               176746                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              108030                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           172122                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1075197                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        26504                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3683254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2835318                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 31298                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                301175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            969851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1193398                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       969851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.732571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.732571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.365956                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.365956                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5835431                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1805916                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1299542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2647736                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         149996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        61228                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56601                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14805                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1447437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts               886477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            149996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        71406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              181772                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         51033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       172457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines           90793                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16153                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      1835920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1654148     90.10%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9593      0.52%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          15100      0.82%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          22637      1.23%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4           9580      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11303      0.62%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11827      0.64%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8441      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          93291      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      1835920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.056651                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.334806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1428578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       191943                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          180232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1195                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        24385                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1075155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1432252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         54493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       125809                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          177867                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11527                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1072437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          763                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1466652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      4998285                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      4998285                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1198262                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         268181                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           33282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       109550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        60070                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        11461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1068185                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued          992749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1770                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399807                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1835920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1412543     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172107      9.37%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94552      5.15%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62554      3.41%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56795      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17679      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12403      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4413      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2874      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1835920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1034     41.95%     53.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1143     46.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       816963     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18250      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98755      9.95%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58672      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total       992749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.374943                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2465                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002483                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3825653                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1239491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       973876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses       995214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24590                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4480                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        33969                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         44795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1338                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1068425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60070                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          656                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10192                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        18696                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts       977796                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93315                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             151870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         132427                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            58555                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.369295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent               973981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count              973876                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          576894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1463922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.367815                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394074                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       717928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       875626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16446                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1801951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1446560     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169580      9.41%     89.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70083      3.89%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35956      2.00%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26818      1.49%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15279      0.85%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9602      0.53%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7851      0.44%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20222      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1801951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       717928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       875626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               140524                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads               84944                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           121555                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          791739                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        17092                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        20222                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            2850740                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2172195                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 26350                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                811816                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            717928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              875626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       717928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.688024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.688024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.271148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.271148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4437699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1331124                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1017799                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2648966                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         194221                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159173                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20895                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79861                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74118                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19574                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          937                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1861933                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1108401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            194221                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        93692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              242463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       186754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          116334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2329752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2087289     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          25696      1.10%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          30336      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          16413      0.70%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          18303      0.79%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11018      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7219      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          18899      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         114579      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2329752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073320                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.418428                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1845740                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       203564                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          240183                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2064                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        31391                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1351395                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1849173                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         17856                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       176665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          238825                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9032                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1349572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1877802                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6280128                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6280128                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1573427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         304264                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           25322                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       129307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        69550                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14782                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1345747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1263680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1681                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2329752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1796495     77.11%     77.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214965      9.23%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115083      4.94%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80260      3.45%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69479      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34934      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8729      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5647      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4160      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2329752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           341     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1164     42.44%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1238     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1058338     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19576      1.55%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116802      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68811      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1263680                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477047                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2743                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4861536                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1530527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1240651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1266423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1988                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           43                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         13592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1346113                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69550                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          794                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11454                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12156                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        23610                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1243410                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109685                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20270                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             178457                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         173370                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            68772                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.469394                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1240749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1240651                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          738609                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1932391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.468353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       924087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1133761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212293                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        20827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2291554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1827536     79.75%     79.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215729      9.41%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90265      3.94%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54045      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37190      1.62%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24134      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12663      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9977      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20015      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2291554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       924087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1133761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               171949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              104391                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           162247                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1022125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        23057                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20015                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3617580                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2730392                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 30674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                319214                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            924087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1133761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       924087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.866576                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.866576                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348848                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348848                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5607739                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1724524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1260768                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         112041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        46.918342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.133603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.548625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1855.317773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.905917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      309804166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.647239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823386.405882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.647239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823386.405882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834602.647239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823386.405882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          168                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        21.266697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.057696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    83.968597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1917.973708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.005888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.041000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.936511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 168                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9206108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134484586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     143690694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9206108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134484586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      143690694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9206108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134484586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     143690694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.378378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.378378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.378378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 708162.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 867642.490323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855301.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 708162.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 867642.490323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855301.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 708162.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 867642.490323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855301.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8064708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    120871430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128936138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8064708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    120871430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128936138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8064708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    120871430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128936138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 620362.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 779815.677419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767477.011905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 620362.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 779815.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767477.011905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 620362.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 779815.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767477.011905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.085792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.085792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.624902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    60.433222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1944.941877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.029508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.949679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13098736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99235399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     112334135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13098736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99235399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      112334135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13098736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     99235399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     112334135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       935624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 820127.264463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832104.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       935624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 820127.264463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832104.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       935624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 820127.264463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832104.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11869536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     88611599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100481135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11869536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     88611599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100481135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     11869536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     88611599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100481135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       847824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 732327.264463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744304.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       847824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 732327.264463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744304.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       847824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 732327.264463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744304.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.087916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.087916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.623151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    60.563157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1944.813692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.029572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.949616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12777739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96428285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     109206024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12777739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96428285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      109206024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12777739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96428285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     109206024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 912695.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 796927.975207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 808933.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 912695.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 796927.975207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 808933.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 912695.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 796927.975207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 808933.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11548539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     85801073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97349612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11548539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     85801073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97349612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11548539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     85801073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97349612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 824895.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 709099.776860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721108.237037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 824895.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 709099.776860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721108.237037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 824895.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 709099.776860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721108.237037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          198                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2046.790245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         132715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        59.089492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.174885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.577402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    84.787918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1863.250040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.041400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.909790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          379                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   380                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 197                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53972224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     228056280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53972224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      228056280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     53972224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174084056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     228056280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.341421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.341421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2248842.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006266.219653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1157646.091371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2248842.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006266.219653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1157646.091371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2248842.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006266.219653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1157646.091371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                118                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     118                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51865024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158890219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210755243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51865024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158890219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210755243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51865024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158890219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210755243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.313406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2161042.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918440.572254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069823.568528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2161042.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918440.572254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069823.568528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2161042.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918440.572254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1069823.568528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          168                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          47134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        21.269856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.229748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    86.617978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1915.152274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.005972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.042294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.935133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             44                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  44                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          282                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   282                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 168                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8550540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128060008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     136610548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8550540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128060008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      136610548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8550540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128060008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     136610548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           44                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              44                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.373333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.373333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.373333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 657733.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 826193.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813158.023810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 657733.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 826193.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813158.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 657733.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 826193.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813158.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 22                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      22                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    114451008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121860148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    114451008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121860148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    114451008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121860148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.354691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 569933.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 738393.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725358.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 569933.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 738393.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725358.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 569933.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 738393.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725358.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          342                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         112039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        46.878243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.129067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   173.247410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1855.623523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.084593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.906066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          388                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   388                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 342                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10702765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    307079247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     317782012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10702765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    307079247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      317782012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10702765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    307079247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     317782012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.468493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.468493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.468493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764483.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 936217.216463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 929187.169591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764483.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 936217.216463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 929187.169591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764483.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 936217.216463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 929187.169591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 72                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      72                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9473565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    278267301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287740866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9473565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    278267301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287740866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9473565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    278267301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287740866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 676683.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848375.917683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841347.561404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 676683.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848375.917683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841347.561404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 676683.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848375.917683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841347.561404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.086167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.086167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.619931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    60.507239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1944.872830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.029545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.949645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16943501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99946056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     116889557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16943501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99946056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      116889557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16943501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99946056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     116889557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1210250.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826000.462810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865848.570370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1210250.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826000.462810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865848.570370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1210250.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 826000.462810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865848.570370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15713317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89318662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105031979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15713317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89318662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105031979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15713317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89318662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105031979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1122379.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738170.760331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778014.659259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1122379.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738170.760331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778014.659259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1122379.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738170.760331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778014.659259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          194                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2046.793231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         132709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        59.192239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.202913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.550821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    84.352873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1863.686624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.041188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.910003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          374                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   375                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 194                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51363701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166191680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     217555381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51363701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166191680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      217555381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51363701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166191680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     217555381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.314233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.342756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.340949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.340949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140154.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 977598.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1121419.489691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140154.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 977598.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1121419.489691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140154.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 977598.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1121419.489691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                115                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     115                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49256501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151351808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200608309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49256501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151351808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200608309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49256501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151351808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200608309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.314233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2052354.208333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 890304.752941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1034063.448454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2052354.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 890304.752941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1034063.448454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2052354.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 890304.752941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1034063.448454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.077056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.077056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.226221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    32.238574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1951.535205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.015741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.952898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     168537598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      168537598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104507967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     64029631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     168537598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3732427.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901825.788732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1702399.979798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102039993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159800632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102039993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159800632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102039993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57760639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159800632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644285.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614147.797980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644285.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614147.797980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3644285.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 813530.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1614147.797980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          342                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         112037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        46.877406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.137052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   173.645180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1855.217768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.084788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.905868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 117                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          386                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   386                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          328                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 342                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10187072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    303454654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     313641726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10187072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    303454654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      313641726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10187072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    303454654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     313641726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             117                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.469780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.469780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.469780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       727648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 925166.628049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 917081.070175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       727648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 925166.628049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 917081.070175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       727648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 925166.628049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 917081.070175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 72                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      72                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8957872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    274656254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283614126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8957872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    274656254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    283614126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8957872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    274656254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    283614126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.459384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       639848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 837366.628049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 829281.070175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       639848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 837366.628049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 829281.070175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       639848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 837366.628049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 829281.070175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          519                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2043.766874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          86029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        33.565743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.781618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.199145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   222.902909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1686.883202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.005957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.108839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.823673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.997933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   327                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          498                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 511                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11587766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    430107289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     441695055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31896543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31896543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11587766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    462003832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      473591598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11587766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    462003832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     473591598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.583969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.603636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.609785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.603636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.609785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 891366.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 937052.917211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935794.608051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 817860.076923                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817860.076923                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 891366.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 927718.538153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926793.733855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 891366.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 927718.538153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926793.733855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                275                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     275                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10446366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    389790416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    400236782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28468084                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28468084                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10446366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    418258500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428704866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10446366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    418258500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428704866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.583969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.603636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.603636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 803566.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849216.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847959.283898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 729950.871795                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729950.871795                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 803566.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839876.506024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838952.771037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 803566.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 839876.506024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838952.771037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          47127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        21.276298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.053614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    84.749082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1917.197304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.041381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.936131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  43                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9243115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123831303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     133074418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9243115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123831303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      133074418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9243115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123831303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     133074418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              43                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.376975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.376975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 711008.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804099.370130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 796852.802395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 711008.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804099.370130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 796852.802395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 711008.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804099.370130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 796852.802395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8101375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110307633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118409008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8101375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110307633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118409008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8101375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110307633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118409008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 623182.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716283.331169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709035.976048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 623182.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716283.331169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709035.976048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 623182.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 716283.331169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709035.976048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.088820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.088820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.618566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    60.637491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1944.743944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.029608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.949582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18232993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    101354950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     119587943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18232993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    101354950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      119587943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18232993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    101354950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     119587943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1302356.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 837644.214876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885836.614815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1302356.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 837644.214876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885836.614815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1302356.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 837644.214876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885836.614815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17003793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90729139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107732932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17003793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90729139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107732932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17003793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90729139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107732932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1214556.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749827.595041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798021.718519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1214556.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749827.595041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798021.718519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1214556.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749827.595041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798021.718519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          511                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2043.330058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          86011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        33.676977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.523101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.195117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   221.365171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1688.246669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.108088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.824339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.997720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            364                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 364                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   316                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 505                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11794938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    447970619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     459765557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     35646901                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35646901                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11794938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    483617520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      495412458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11794938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    483617520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     495412458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          364                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             364                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.589610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.615104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.615104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 907302.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 986719.425110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984508.687366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 938076.342105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 938076.342105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 907302.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 982962.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 981014.768317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 907302.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 982962.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 981014.768317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                274                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     274                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10653489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    408187886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418841375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32309839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32309839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10653489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    440497725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451151214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10653489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    440497725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451151214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.589610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 819499.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 899092.259912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896876.605996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 850258.921053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850258.921053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 819499.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 895320.579268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893368.740594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 819499.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 895320.579268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893368.740594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          197                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2046.787596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         132720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        59.118040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.180269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.578915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    84.669264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1863.359148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.041342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.909843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   384                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 197                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46464017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    170310756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     216774773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46464017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    170310756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      216774773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46464017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    170310756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     216774773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.340830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.311151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.311151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1936000.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 984455.236994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1100379.558376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1936000.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 984455.236994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1100379.558376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1936000.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 984455.236994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1100379.558376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                117                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     117                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44356817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    155203646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199560463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44356817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    155203646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199560463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44356817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    155203646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199560463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.312839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.311151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.311151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1848200.708333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 897130.901734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012997.274112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1848200.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 897130.901734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012997.274112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1848200.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 897130.901734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012997.274112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.132490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.991023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.132490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             289630.529351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.466915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.533085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.392449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.607551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              538.056663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              627185734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1163609.896104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.056663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         119193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        119193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9450508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9450508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9450508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9450508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9450508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9450508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       119206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       119206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 726962.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 726962.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 726962.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 726962.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 726962.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 726962.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9314008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9314008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9314008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9314008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9314008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9314008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 716462.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716462.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 716462.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716462.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 716462.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716462.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  431                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              147688679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             214976.243086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   137.916640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   118.083360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.538737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.461263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       177250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         208281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        208281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    693637955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    693637955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    693637955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    693637955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    693637955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    693637955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       178742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       178742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        31031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       209773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       209773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       209773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       209773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 464904.795576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 464904.795576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 464904.795576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 464904.795576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 464904.795576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 464904.795576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1061                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    153868030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153868030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    153868030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153868030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    153868030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153868030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 357002.389791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 357002.389791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 357002.389791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 357002.389791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 357002.389791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 357002.389791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              488.623789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              731814693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1496553.564417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.623789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         121027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        121027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17080047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17080047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17080047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17080047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17080047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17080047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       121047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       121047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 854002.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854002.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 854002.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854002.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 854002.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854002.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13214936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13214936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13214936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13214936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13214936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13214936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       943924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       943924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       943924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       943924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       943924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       943924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              110541718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             169542.512270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   144.660780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   111.339220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.565081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.434919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        68357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       150248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         150248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       150248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        150248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    451442919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    451442919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    451442919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    451442919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    451442919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    451442919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        83200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        68357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       151557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       151557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344876.179526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 344876.179526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344876.179526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 344876.179526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 344876.179526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 344876.179526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118025773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118025773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118025773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118025773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118025773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118025773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 298044.881313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298044.881313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 298044.881313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298044.881313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 298044.881313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298044.881313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              488.622037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              731814770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1496553.721881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.622037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         121104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        121104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15206508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15206508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15206508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15206508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15206508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15206508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       121123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       121123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 800342.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800342.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 800342.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 800342.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 800342.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 800342.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12896834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12896834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12896834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12896834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12896834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12896834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 921202.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921202.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 921202.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921202.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 921202.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921202.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              110541796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             169542.631902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   144.749718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   111.250282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.565429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.434571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        68389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       150326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         150326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       150326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        150326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    429870159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    429870159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    429870159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    429870159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    429870159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    429870159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        83249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        68389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       151638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       151638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 327644.938262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 327644.938262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 327644.938262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327644.938262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 327644.938262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327644.938262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    115224081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115224081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    115224081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115224081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    115224081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115224081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290236.979849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290236.979849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290236.979849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290236.979849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290236.979849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290236.979849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              501.077088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              732331462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1444440.753452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.077088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.030572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         116313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        116313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96481118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96481118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96481118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96481118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     96481118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96481118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       116352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       116352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473874.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2473874.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473874.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2473874.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2473874.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2473874.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54237434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54237434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54237434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54237434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54237434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54237434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2169497.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2169497.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2169497.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2169497.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2169497.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2169497.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              115433522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             142863.269802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   161.354754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    94.645246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.630292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.369708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        79860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        67273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         147133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        147133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    743685229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    743685229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16762216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     16762216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    760447445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    760447445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    760447445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    760447445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        67336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       149013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       149013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000936                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000936                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 409292.916346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 409292.916346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 266066.920635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 266066.920635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 404493.321809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       159210                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       159210                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200248854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200248854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200441154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200441154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200441154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200441154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 364752.010929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364752.010929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 363118.032609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              538.228715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              627186437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1163611.200371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.228715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         119896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       119896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        119896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9729078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9729078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9729078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9729078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9729078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9729078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       119910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       119910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       119910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 694934.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 694934.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 694934.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 694934.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 694934.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 694934.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8658808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8658808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8658808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8658808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8658808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8658808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 666062.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666062.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 666062.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666062.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 666062.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 666062.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              147689499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             213116.160173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   139.858080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   116.141920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.546321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.453679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       177689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       209101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         209101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       209101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        209101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    649678015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    649678015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    649678015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    649678015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    649678015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    649678015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       179179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       210591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       210591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.007075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.007075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436025.513423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436025.513423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436025.513423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436025.513423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436025.513423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436025.513423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    147846971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147846971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    147846971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147846971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    147846971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147846971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338322.588101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338322.588101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338322.588101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338322.588101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338322.588101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338322.588101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.127955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750117868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1346710.714542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.127955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       110036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       110036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         110036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       110036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        110036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13316612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13316612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13316612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13316612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13316612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13316612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       110053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       110053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       110053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       110053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       110053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 783330.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 783330.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 783330.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 783330.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 783330.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 783330.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10819170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10819170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10819170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10819170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10819170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10819170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 772797.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772797.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 772797.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772797.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 772797.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772797.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              281230245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             289331.527778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   100.438975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   155.561025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.392340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.607660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       279959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        279959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       432485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         432485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       432485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        432485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2667                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2667                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1362774584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1362774584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1362774584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1362774584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1362774584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1362774584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       282626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       282626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       152526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       435152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       435152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 510976.596925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 510976.596925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 510976.596925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 510976.596925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 510976.596925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 510976.596925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1951                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1951                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    336153028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    336153028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    336153028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    336153028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    336153028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    336153028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 469487.469274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469487.469274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 469487.469274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469487.469274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 469487.469274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469487.469274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              488.618818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              731814827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1496553.838446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.618818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         121161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        121161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19034029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19034029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19034029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19034029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19034029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19034029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       121177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       121177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1189626.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1189626.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1189626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1189626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1189626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1189626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17059701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17059701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17059701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17059701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17059701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17059701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1218550.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218550.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1218550.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218550.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1218550.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1218550.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              110541865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             169283.101072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   144.666198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   111.333802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.565102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.434898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        81974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        68421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       150395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         150395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       150395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        150395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    461001242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461001242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    461001242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    461001242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    461001242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    461001242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        83287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        68421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       151708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       151708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351105.287129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351105.287129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351105.287129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 351105.287129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351105.287129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 351105.287129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118806208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118806208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118806208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118806208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118806208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118806208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299259.969773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299259.969773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299259.969773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299259.969773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299259.969773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299259.969773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.047474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              732331183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1444440.203156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.047474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.030525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         116034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        116034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87874490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87874490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87874490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87874490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87874490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87874490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       116073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       116073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2253192.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2253192.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2253192.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2253192.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2253192.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2253192.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51633900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51633900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51633900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51633900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51633900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51633900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2065356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2065356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2065356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2065356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2065356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2065356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              115432946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             144471.772215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   161.031212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    94.968788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.629028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.370972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        79612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        66949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       146561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         146561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       146561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        146561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    737040007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    737040007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33887093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33887093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    770927100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    770927100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    770927100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    770927100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        67012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       148417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       148417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 411065.257669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411065.257669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 537890.365079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 537890.365079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 415370.204741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415370.204741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 415370.204741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415370.204741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       511161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       511161                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    192001265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192001265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    192193565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192193565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    192193565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192193565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 354900.674677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354900.674677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 353296.994485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353296.994485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 353296.994485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353296.994485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              477.428258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              735287176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1516056.032990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.428258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.035943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         126335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        126335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    153446324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153446324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       126375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       126375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3836158.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2255601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 375933.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104869826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104869826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3495660.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              106638162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             173677.788274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   131.671233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   124.328767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.514341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.485659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        99160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        72914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         172074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        172074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    194724349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194724349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       542751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    195267100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195267100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    195267100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195267100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       100084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 210740.637446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210740.637446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77535.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77535.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209739.097744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83062587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83062587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       133396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83195983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83195983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     83195983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83195983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 233321.873596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233321.873596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        66698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232391.013966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.135940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750117951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1346710.863555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.135940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       110119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       110119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         110119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       110119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        110119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11531943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11531943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11531943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11531943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11531943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11531943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       110135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       110135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       110135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       110135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       110135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 720746.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 720746.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 720746.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 720746.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 720746.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 720746.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10303478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10303478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10303478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10303478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10303478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10303478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 735962.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735962.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 735962.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735962.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 735962.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735962.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              281230312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             289928.156701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   100.506108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   155.493892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.392602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.607398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       279995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        279995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       152557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       432552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         432552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       432552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        432552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1351622477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1351622477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1351622477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1351622477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1351622477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1351622477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       282658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       282658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       152557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       435215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       435215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 507556.318813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 507556.318813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 507556.318813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 507556.318813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 507556.318813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 507556.318813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    332402853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332402853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    332402853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332402853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    332402853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332402853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 465550.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465550.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 465550.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465550.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 465550.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465550.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              501.584499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              735384085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1464908.535857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.584499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.020167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        93098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         93098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        93098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total          93098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        93098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total         93098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16647260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16647260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16647260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16647260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16647260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16647260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        93118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        93118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total        93118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        93118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total        93118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       832363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       832363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       832363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       832363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       832363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       832363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11695783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11695783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11695783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11695783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11695783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11695783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 899675.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 899675.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 899675.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 899675.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 899675.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 899675.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  825                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              122566518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             113382.532840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   182.276229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    73.723771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.712017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.287983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        70204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         70204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        56298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        56298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       126502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         126502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       126502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        126502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1144816186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1144816186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    273968663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    273968663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1418784849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1418784849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1418784849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1418784849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        72183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        56626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       128809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       128809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       128809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       128809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.027416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 578482.155634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 578482.155634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 835270.314024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 835270.314024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 614991.265280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 614991.265280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 614991.265280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 614991.265280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    455873267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455873267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32220243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32220243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    488093510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    488093510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    488093510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    488093510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000689                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000689                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 579991.433842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 579991.433842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 826160.076923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 826160.076923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 591628.496970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 591628.496970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 591628.496970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 591628.496970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              538.052581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              627186627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1163611.552876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.052581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         120086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        120086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9487515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9487515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9487515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9487515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9487515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9487515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       120099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       120099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 729808.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 729808.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 729808.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 729808.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 729808.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 729808.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9351015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9351015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9351015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9351015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9351015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9351015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 719308.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719308.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 719308.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719308.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 719308.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719308.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              147689791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             215291.240525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   138.142607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   117.857393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.539620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.460380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       177838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       209393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         209393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       209393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        209393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    658465401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    658465401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    658465401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    658465401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    658465401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    658465401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       179339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        31555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       210894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       210894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.007117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.007117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 438684.477682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438684.477682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 438684.477682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438684.477682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 438684.477682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438684.477682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    143205803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143205803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    143205803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143205803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    143205803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143205803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 333036.751163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333036.751163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 333036.751163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333036.751163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 333036.751163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333036.751163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              488.617453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              731814799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1496553.781186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.617453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         121133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        121133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     19904163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19904163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     19904163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19904163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     19904163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19904163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       121149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       121149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1244010.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1244010.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1244010.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18349193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18349193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18349193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18349193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18349193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18349193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310656.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1310656.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1310656.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              110541839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             169283.061256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   144.813850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   111.186150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.565679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.434321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        81962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        68407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       150369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         150369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       150369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        150369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447196274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    447196274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447196274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    447196274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447196274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    447196274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        83275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        68407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       151682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       151682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340591.221630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340591.221630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340591.221630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120208032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120208032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120208032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120208032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120208032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120208032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 302791.012594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302791.012594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302791.012594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.570507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              735381760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1464903.904382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.570507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total          90773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total         90773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     17448246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17448246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     17448246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17448246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     17448246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17448246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total        90793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total        90793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 872412.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 872412.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 872412.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 872412.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 872412.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 872412.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11902838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11902838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11902838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11902838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11902838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11902838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 915602.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915602.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 915602.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915602.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 915602.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 915602.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  806                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              122563532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             115408.222222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   181.422704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    74.577296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.708682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.291318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        68556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        54968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         123524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       123524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        123524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1257578196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1257578196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    304567454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    304567454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1562145650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1562145650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1562145650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1562145650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.027754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 642605.107818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 642605.107818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 948808.267913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948808.267913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 685753.138718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 685753.138718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 685753.138718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 685753.138718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    471756092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471756092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     35962301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35962301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    507718393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507718393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    507718393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507718393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 612670.249351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 612670.249351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 946376.342105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946376.342105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 628364.347772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628364.347772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 628364.347772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628364.347772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              501.078214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              732331444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1444440.717949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.078214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.030574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         116295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        116295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79065376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79065376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79065376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79065376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79065376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79065376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       116334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       116334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2027317.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2027317.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2027317.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2027317.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2027317.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2027317.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46729102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46729102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46729102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46729102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     46729102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46729102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1869164.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869164.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1869164.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869164.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1869164.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869164.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              115433655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             142334.963009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   161.171308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    94.828692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.629575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.370425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        67157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         147265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        147265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    744548595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    744548595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33559962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33559962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    778108557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    778108557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    778108557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    778108557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        67220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       149156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       149156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.022310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 407302.294858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407302.294858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 532697.809524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 532697.809524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 411479.934955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 411479.934955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 411479.934955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 411479.934955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       511283                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       511283                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196742564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196742564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196934864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196934864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196934864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196934864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 355773.171790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355773.171790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 354199.395683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354199.395683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 354199.395683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354199.395683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
